[Intro: Egyptian Lover]
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl

[Verse 1: Arabian Prince]
It's called the panic zone (the panic zone)
That's right, the panic zone
Some people call it torture
But it's what we call home
(We are the renegades of this territory
And you're the prey)
I'm the Arabian Prince (and we're N.W.A.)
Don't interfere with the sound you here
'Cause it's a dangerous groove
I'm in control of your mind and soul
Don't be afraid, just bust a move
So far from home
You're on your own
In the land of the unknown
It's the darkside, the darkside
It's called the panic zone

[Interlude: Dr. Dre]
Do not attempt to adjust your radio
There is nothing wrong
The underworld is taking control
You're not only in dimension of sight and sound
But of mind
There's a sign post up ahead, and it reads
"The Panic Zone"

[Verse 2: Arabian Prince]
Now the party is at its peak
So we suggest you move your feet
N.W.A. create the groove
And Dr. Dre create the beat
So if you got the juice
And you're feelin' loose
Let the music take your mind
The freaks are here
Don't interfere, our world is one of a kind
This place is called the west
West-Coast of the USA
The Panic Zone's home base
In a place we call L.A
So ladies, all the ladies
If you're all alone
Just call Arabian Prince
In the panic zone (pa-pa-panic zone)

[Hook: Vocoder Box sound by Egyptian Lover]
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here
A way out in here, a way out in here

[Arabian Prince]
Ice Cube is from L.A
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Eazy-E is from Compton
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Arabian Prince from Inglewood
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Dr. Dre is from Compton
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Krazy Dee is from East L.A
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Ron-De-Vu is from Compton
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
C.I.A. is from L.A
They're in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Rappinstine is from Crenshaw
He is the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
The Wreckin' Cru is from L.A
They're in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Smooth Man is from Carson
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
[?] of west L.A
He is in the (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)
Donovan the engineer is from the.. (Panic Zone, Pa-Panic Zone)

[Outro: Vocoder Box sound by Egyptian Lover]
The Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in here
Panic Zone, don't get your girl in the Panic Zone[The D.O.C.]
This ain't no basic hip-hip you make up in your garage
I'm down for showing all you hoes who the hell's in charge
A cold lethal rap warrior, I'm on the attack
Cutting ducks no slack so keep your bitch ass back
Deadly, yeah kicking it, the solo style
On top of the pile, the reigning chump worthwile
Hanging tough I'm the leader, ain't no need to pretend
Like an elevator up, I mean I'm on the ascend
I ain't no east coast rapper, this is a southerner's song
Be warned, it's hard to try and hold a project born
Saying shit that you like, never wearing no Nike
Fucking it up and all I need is my goddamn mic
And a micstand, I don't need no band to play
With a DJ like Rock and a partner like K in effect y'all
Fucking suckers up like five
It's Fila Fresh and I'm the toughest man alive!

[DJ Rock]
Na-na-na-na-na-naaaaa-nah
[Fresh K]
Yo, yo nigga you know you can't even fuck with this
Do it, do it
[DJ Rock]
Na-na-na-na-na-naaaaa-nah
[Fresh K]
Yo, fool, you know you need to jet the fuck off
Get the fuck out my face

[The D.O.C.]
Down from the beginning, hitting hard I'll admit
They keep offering me money and I keep taking the shit
And coolin' cool at the crib cause being cool's how I live
But bucking up will get you rocked if you're a bullshit kid
I like it stylistic, c'mon let's get with it
Coming up with fresh new rhymes like I'm a mystic
You see the D.O.C. and all the Fila I be splurging
Yeah, I know it, you think that I'm encouraging
You to step wrong boy, so I can go off
A quick run and when I'm done you bet not cough
I'm an annihilator, standing a full 6'3"
And I really don't think you wanna fuck with me
But then there's always those, clocking all your shows
Getting all out of line trying to impress they hoes
I know some niggas like that round the way who won't quit
"It's the old top" Man shoot that muthafucking shit
I'm physically tough, physically able I qualify
Don't try that gangster bullshit here, this ain't no I Spy
You better chill out, that's if you wanna survive
It's Fila Fresh and we're the toughest men alive

[Fresh K]
Yeah, for all you suckers who thought I was down, that's right
Kicking that bullshit, yeah we in effect, that's right
Holmes, we in effect so get your bitch ass back before you
Be floating up a creek, know what I'm sayin?

[DJ Rock]
Float, float on...

[Fresh K]
Yeah, and if you want your beast to be deaf, call Dre before Monday![Police Officer]
Alright motherfucka come on!

[Warren G]
Get yo' motherfuckin' hands off me motherfuckin' police officer
Hey, fuck you!

[Police Officer]
I ain't bullshiting!

[Warren G]
Man fuck that shit man, I'm tired of you motherfuckers fuckin wit me!

[Police Officer]
Fuck you up!

[Warren G]
That's why y'all always gettin' bust on, motherfucker, shit. Y'all always tweaking man!

[Police Officer]
Just get in the motherfuckin' cell and shut the fuck up!

[Warren G]
Shit man, I'm tired of you motherfuckers fuckin' with me all the time man, I'm tired of this shit man. I'mma call my bitch, she gonna come get me up out this motherfucker, aye, what you smiling at in the corner nigga? Shut up and pass me a cigarette fool. Man I'm tellin' you my bitch gonna come get me up outta here!

[Phone Ring]
[The Girl] Hello?
Warren: Hello
[The Girl] Leroy?

[Warren G]
Bitch this ain't no motherfuckin' Leroy, aye I'm in motherfuckin' jail, you better come get me up outta here, it's me baby wassup!?

[The girl]
First of all I ain't yo' bitch, Second of all I ain't commin' to get you out of

[Warren G]
Ahh fuck that!

[The Girl]
Motherfuckin' nowhere, motherfucker!

[Warren G]
Nah Fuck you

[The Girl]
Fuck you!

[Warren G]
Fuck you!
Aye, thi ye, you better come pick me up from this motherfucker, that's all I know. Aye aye what you talkin' bout phone check nigga, you better wait your turn foo. Aye come get me up outta here baby, that's on the real real. Aye, if you don't i'll tell my other bitch to come get me, fuck it, I'll just drop you, fuck it!

[Music/Parliament- Wants To Get Fucked Up]

Yo' wassup niggas and niggettes. If you ever have a problem like this don't call that broke ass nigga you got, and don't call that sorry bitch that don't give a fuck about you anyways. What you need to do is call 1-900-2-Compton (well all right!)
1-900-2-Compton, that's 1-900-2-Compton. This show was sponsored by the niggas that don't give a fuck phone line![911 dispatch] 911, what are you reporting
[Woman] hello 911, help me, help me
[911 dispatch] what is your emergency
[Woman] there's someone in my house, there's some men in my house
[911 dispatch] can you please verify your address for me
[Woman] 151 Shenedoah, Shenendoah
[911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you
[Woman] (oh my god)
[911 dispatch] ma'am where inside the house are you
[Woman] in my room, they're in my room
[911 dispatch] ma'am calm down, deputies are on the way
Is the door locked
[Woman] (shriek)
(Shotgun shell chambered, followed by gunshot)
[911 dispatch] ma'am?

[2x] N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a

[Ice Cube]
(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) What the fuck's up Dre
[Dr Dre]
You tell me, you talk to Ren
[MC Ren]
Im right here nigga
(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a) Release the hound
[Snoop Dogg]
Bow wow wow
Wha wha wha what what what, what

[Ice Cube]
I'm a Nigga Wit an Attitude thanks to y'all
And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all
I'mma ride for my side in the C.P.T
God bless the memory of Eazy-E
If it wadn't for me where the fuck you'd be?
Rappin like the Treacherous Three, fuckin cowards
I'd have seen Dre rockin parties for hours
And I'd have seen Ren fuckin bitches from Howard
And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's
So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers

[MC Ren]
This the shit niggas kill for
They hear the Villain niggas spittin' with them nigga flows
Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch ass niggas too
Got something for your throat
These niggas wearin' skirts like the pope
Who them niggas that you love to get (us)
Who them niggas that you fuckin' wit' (us)
They be screaming we the shit (what)
The saga continues, with the worlds most dangerous group
Four deep in the coupé
(It's the Villain)

[Hook]
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that)
I'mma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that)
I'mma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that)
Cause I'mma nigga 4 life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a)
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke (fuck that)
I'mma choke who I wanna choke (fuck that)
(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a)
I'mma ride where I wanna ride (fuck that)
Cause I'mma nigga 4 life, so I'mma motherfuckin nigga til I diz-ie

[Dr Dre]
A pencil, a pen, or a Glock
Im the original, subliminal, subterranium
Titianium, criminal minded, swift
D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit (fuck a biatch)
A couple o' notes and get you hog-tied in rope
Dope like tons of coke, cutthroat
You don't want the pistols to whistle
Candy paint Impala
I make hoes pop collars

[Snoop Dogg]
God damn hoes, here we go again
Fuckin with Ren, playin' to win
(he got the) coke in hand, (I got the) juice and gin
Same shit you was fuckin wit way back then
We keep it crackin' from the actin to the jackin
G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up
We all on deck fool so put your heat up
I stay on deck so me don't get wet

[Ice Cube]
Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots
Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not?
[MC Ren] Why the fuck not?
[Dr Dre] Why the fuck not?
[Snoop Dogg] Why the fuck not?
[Ice Cube] Cause I'm tight as the night
I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985

[Snoop Dogg]
(N N, dup dup, dup double u, a a, a a)
Real niggas, biatch, you know, ha hah

[Ice Cube]
We cause tragedy, erratically
Systematically, in your house without a key
How fucked up that'd be
Gat'll be near your anatomy, my form of flattery

[Dr Dre]
Assault and battery, cus we coming with that street mentality
Straight west coast rider academy
Concrete nigga, that's my reality
[Snoop Dogg] We tend to bus' on niggas that get mad at me
[Dr Dre] Was it a bitch in the mix
[Snoop Dogg] Well it had to be

[Dr Dre]
Lying tricks told them dicks I had a key
Hoes make the world harder than it have to be
(Yea thats right)

[Hook](*Cell Block Opened*)

[Intro: DJ Yella as a Security Guard]
OKEY NIGGAZ, YOU GOT ONE CALL!!

[Eazy-E]
Ain't that a bitch? - you fat motherfucker
Let me call my home boy to get us out
7-3-2-9-6-3 Goddamn, nigga at home
(*Landline phone beep*) (*Phone picked up*)

[Laylaw] Hello!
[Eazy-E] Aiy, what's up, man?
[Laylaw] What's up, homie?
[Eazy-E] Aww man, these motherfuckers got us down in this goddman jail, man
[Laylaw] NO SHIT!!

[Eazy-E]
Hell yeah, we were like, rolling and shit, man
We was looking for some bitches
So they pulled up on like four fine whores, man
And you know, I didn't know the motherfucking bitches were prostitutes, man
And they just caught me, ain't that a bitch?

[Laylaw] Nigga, where was y'all at?

[Eazy-E]
We was in Hollywood, we're in Hollywood, man
Looking out for some bitches, bitches was bad than a motherfucker
Man, don't tell my woman that, man
Cause I wanna know what the fuck is going on, you know, I'm fucked up, man
For me, I ain't supposed to be riding with my bitches
You know, pussies that I had..

[Laylaw] Yeah word, whose you with, man?
[Eazy-E] I'm here with Yella, Ren, Dre, you know, man..
[Laylaw] Aww man, all them niggas with you?
[Eazy-E] Yeah.. nig..
[Laylaw] Aww man, no thing?
[Eazy-E] Niggas are trying to get that thing, man, you know what I'm saying?
[Laylaw] Yeah

[Eazy-E]
And fuck it, I'ma just let you talk to Ren, man
He can tell you a little better than I can and shit

[Laylaw] Alright
[Eazy-E] Hold on!![Intro: Dr. Dre & Ice Cube]
Dr. Dre: Yo, man, it's a lot of brothers out there flakin' and perpetratin' but scared to kick reality
Ice Cube: Man, you've been doin' all this dope producing, but you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
Dr. Dre: So what you want me to do? ... (Express yourself)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I'm expressing with my full capabilities
And now I'm living in correctional facilities
'Cause some don't agree with how I do this
I get straight, meditate like a Buddhist
I'm dropping flavor, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he says it gets funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat and it'll make you think
Some suckers just tickle me pink
To my stomach, 'cause they don't flow like this one
You know what? I won't hesitate to diss one
Or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm dropping English
Even if Yella makes it a cappella
I still express, yo I don't smoke weed or sess
Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nothing
But making a sucker and you equal, don't be another sequel

[Hook]
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Now, getting back to the PG
That's program, and it's easy
Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow
Expressing ain't their subject because they like to follow
The words, the style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again, yo, you on the other end
Watch a brother saying dope rhymes with no help
There's no fessing and guessing while I'm expressing myself
It's crazy to see people be
What society wants them to be, but not me
Ruthless is the way to go, they know
Others say rhymes that fail to be original
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts
Forget about the ghetto and rap for the pop charts
Some musicians curse at home
But scared to use profanity when up on the microphone
Yeah, they want reality but you won't hear none
They rather exaggerate a little fiction
Some say no to drugs and take a stand
But after the show they go looking for the dopeman
Or they ban my group from the radio, hear N.W.A and say "Hell no!"
But you know it ain't all about wealth as long as you make a note to...

[Hook]
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
(Express yourself) From the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart
Then expression is a big part of it
You ain't efficient when you flow
You ain't swift, moving like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis
There's a little bit more to show
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
Or a lesson, all of 'em expression
And if you start fessing, I got a Smith and Wesson for you
I might ignore your record because it has no bottom
I get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn
It's Dre on the mic, getting physical
Doing the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob
Yes, I'm macabre but you know you need this
And the knowledge is growing, just like a foetus
Or a tumor but here's the rumor
Dre is in the neighbourhood and he's up to no good
When I start expressing myself, Yella slam it
Cause If I stay funky like this, I'm doing damage
Or I'ma be too hyped and need a straight jacket
I got knowledge and other suckers lack it
So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic
Ask what it's like, it's like we getting hype tonight
Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health
But I won't strike if you just

[Hook x2]
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it
Express yourself
Express yourself
Come on and do it[Intro: The D.O.C. & Fresh K]
Here's a mix to make you move, smooth enough to soothe
Slow and lower you can go inside a bassed up groove (So funk it!)
It's gotta be, ain't no need to discuss it
(Yo Doc!) I finna kick this shit, alright! (Alright, then bust it!)

[Verse 1: The D.O.C.]
Rhymes created by the Doc, most definitely down!
I could be bitten by this brother with some bad ass brown
It ain't no joke, he needs some scope
Cause his breath is (cold!) dope
As he talks I can smell it, and I'm seeing the smoke
That's the bad breath bandit, you know what's in store
Stay away cause they breath will knock you (to the floor!)
That boy is (rough!) de soda (tough!) I don't understand
Tests his breath inside his palm, and burned his hand!
He's a tucks destroyer, a Listerine killer
A cavity employer, a yuck-mouth filler
(Say man, you bullshit!) no, that's a fact Fresh K
I wish Velamints could take his breath away
But he's.. always in effect, smelling like dead vermin
Honking the bitches with his firewalls burning
Winch his witch as a curl, just as funky as well
I mean he has a little woman that can match his smell (Yes!)
He has a girlfriend, this is not pretend
She uses deodorant that's made for men
(Scratch and sniff wallpaper all over the house)
Aww shit! (Yeah boy, that's what I'm talking about)
They need ten bars of soap, three boxes of Tide
To make them presentable to go outside
Now my story is true, and my opinion candid
But that is my tale of the bad breath bandit

[Interlude]
[The D.O.C] But you know, that ain't even half of the shit
[Fresh K:-] Man, what's up?
[The D.O.C] This bitch who stay around the way, you know her K!
[Fresh K:-] Yeah?
[The D.O.C] Y'all want to talk about her?
[Fresh K:-] Bust it!
[Dr. Rock:] Oh kick her ass, man

[Verse 2: The D.O.C.]
Let's talk about girl who's a bonafide witch!
Name is Tammy, better known as bitch!
The boys in the hood all treat her like liquor
Quick is the way they pass her around and then stick her
I'm not saying she minds, she's a first class skeezer
Always on the jock, but only if he's uhh..
Man with the money and the looks to show
(So you saying she's a witch?) yeah Tammy's a material whore
You're getting laid, if you can rock a cross-fader
You got the bank, to make the bitch who'll get paid
Tagging Tammy's a process like when you use a computer
Use her and do her like they did in the old days (Shoot her!)
A whore and she knows it, yeah the knowledge is there
So they say that she's slutty and she tell them she don't care
But y'all I'm keeping my clear, even though she is pretty
(Cause we only use Tammy for a guest to the city) right on!

[Interlude]
[The D.O.C] But bust this, Tammy ain't the only fucked-up freak in the city
[Dr. Rock] Well who else, man?
[The D.O.C] Aww, come on Rock, you know her now, You know her
[Dr. Rock] Seabiscuit breath, right?
[The D.O.C] Yeah, that's her
[Dr. Rock] Yo! Go on! Bust it homes!

[Verse 3: The D.O.C.]
You stand around the bitch and your nose turns white
You ever thought about what Big Bird's shit smells like?
Well, you take that aroma, multiply it times two
And you think about Sue (Sour-smelling Sue!)
She's a girl that has the power to kill a fresh flower
Rock smelled the whore and said (Damn that bitch is sour!)
Now, I don't judge, I mean that's not what I'm thinking
People do what they want, and I guess she like stinking
But whatever the deal, I think someone should call Guiness
Cause this is kicking a scent that fucks up K's tennis shoes
And a dress, dress it fresh to impress
She really ought to be embarrassed because that girl is a mess
If you ever see her, you'll duck and cover
She looks like your sister but smells like your brother
And since they tell me Trey, honestly phrase:
I let her know that she reminded me of the Gunsmoke days
But it ain't no (thing) if she stink she'll (sing)
But to me it's like she needs a little (Irish Spring)
You ought to know what I'm saying, I hope I made myself clear
About the three ass whores, but Troll I'm out of here

[Outro: The D.O.C.]
Yo yo yo, these three people make me so sick that I gotta story 1988 on it
Tammy your momma ain't got no legs be talking about
I ain't gonna stand for this.. Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Boy you sick man! You sick man! Yeah yeah

[Fresh K]
Yo man! I got a story from 1988, check it out
Sue, you got so much butter on your teeth
That when you brush your teeth you have to use a butter knife!
Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Get ready for the king, here I come, now check this out
Sour smelling Sue got so much dirt in her ear
That she can grow potatoes, Ha ha ha ha![Intro]
Dr. Dre: Yo, man, it's a lot of brothers out there flakin' and perpetratin' but scared to kick reality
Ice Cube: Man, you've been doin' all this dope producing, but you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
Dr. Dre: So what you want me to do? ... (Express yourself)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I'm expressing with my full capabilities
And now I'm living in correctional facilities
Cause some don't agree with how I do this
I get straight, meditate like a Buddhist
I'm dropping flavor, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he says it gets funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat and that'll make you think
Some suckers just tickle me pink
To my stomach, cause they don't flow like this one
You know what? I won't hesitate to dis one
Or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm dropping English
Even if Yella makes it a cappella
I still express, yo I don't smoke weed or sess
Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nothing
But making a sucker and you equal, don't be another sequel

[Chorus]
Express yourself
Come on and do it

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Now, getting back to the PG
That's program, and it's easy
Dre is back, new jacks are made hollow
Expressing ain't their subject because they like to follow
The words, the style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again, yo, you on the other end
Watch a brother saying dope rhymes with no help
There's no fessing and guessing while I'm expressing myself
It's crazy to see people be
What society wants them to be, but not me
Ruthless is the way to go, they know
Others say rhymes that fail to be original
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts
Forget about the ghetto and rap for the pop charts
Some musicians cuss at home
But scared to use profanity when up on the microphone
Yeah, they want reality but you won't hear none
They rather exaggerate a little fiction
Some say no to drugs and take a stand
But after the show they go looking for the dopeman
Or they ban my group from the radio, hear N.W.A and say "Hell no!"
But you know it ain't all about wealth as long as you make a note to...

[Chorus]
Express yourself
Come on and do it

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
From the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart
Then expression is a big part of it
You ain't efficient when you flow
You ain't swift, moving like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis
There's a little bit more to show
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
Or a lesson, all of 'em expression
And if you start fessing, I got a Smith and Wesson for you
I might ignore your record because it has no bottom
I get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn
It's Dre on the mic, getting physical
Doing the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob
Yes, I'm macabre but you know you need this
And the knowledge is growing, just like a fetus
Or a tumor but here's the rumor
Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good
When I start expressing myself, Yella slam it
Cause If I stay funky like this, I'm doing damage
Or I'mma be too hyped and need a straight jacket
I got knowledge and other suckers lack it
So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic
Ask what it's like, it's like we getting hype tonight
Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health
But I won't strike if you just

[Chorus]
Express yourself
Come on and do it[Skit: Krazy D + Eazy-E (Dr. Dre)]
*Sirens*
Ah shit. Man, them pinche black gangstas are at it again
I wonder who they fucked up today?
*Screeching Tires*
You motherfucker!
*Machine Gun Fire*
(Got him)

[Police + MC Ren]
Pull over to the side right now
Man, fuck them motherfuckers!

[Intro: Eazy-E + Sample]
Yo, Dre! Give me a funky-ass bassline!
Right here!

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Here's a little somethin' about a nigga like me
Never should've been let out the penitentiary
Ice Cube would like to say
That I'm a crazy mothafucka from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the mothafucka that you read about
Takin' a life or two, that's what the hell I do
You don't like how I'm livin'? Well, fuck you!
This is a gang and I'm in it
My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute
With a right left, right left, you toothless
And then you say: "Goddamn, they ruthless!"
Everywhere we go they say: "Damn!"
N.W.A's fuckin' up the program
And then you realize we don't care
We don’t just say no, we’re too busy sayin', "Yeah!"
About drinkin' straight out the eight bottle
Do I look like a mothafuckin' role model?
To a kid lookin' up to me
Life ain't nothin' but bitches and money
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me I’ll put my foot in your ass
See, I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?

[Chorus: MC Ren + Sample]
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta!
Hopin' you sophisticated motherfuckers
Hear what I have to say

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
When me and my posse stepped in the house
All the punk-ass niggas start breakin' out
'Cause you know, they know what’s up
So we started lookin' for the bitches with the big butts
Like her, but she keep cryin'
"I got a boyfriend"—bitch, stop lyin'!
Dumb-ass hooker ain't nothin' but a dyke
Suddenly I see some niggas that I don't like
Walked over to 'em, and said, "What's up?"
The first nigga that I saw, hit him in the jaw
Ren started stompin' him, and so did E
By that time got rushed by security
Out the door, but we don't quit
Ren said: "Let's start some shit"
I got a shotgun, and here's the plot
Takin' niggas out with a flurry of buck shots
Boom, boom, boom! Yeah, I was gunnin'
And then you look, all you see is niggas runnin'
And fallin' and yellin' and pushin' and screamin'
And cussin', I stepped back and I kept bustin'
And then I realized it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
It's like this, because of that who-ride
N.W.A is wanted for a homicide
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
Fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
See, I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?

[Chorus: MC Ren + Sample]
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll tell you exactly how he feel
And don't hold a fuckin' thing back

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
Homies all standin' around, just hangin'
Some dope-dealin', some gang-bangin'
We decide to roll and we deep
See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep
Real slow and before you know
I had my shotgun pointed in the window
He got scared and hit the gas
Right then I knew I has to smoke his ass
He kept rollin', I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to the fort
Sweatin' all the bitches in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play from the ladies
With six niggas in a car—are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showin'
We all said "Fuck you, bitch!" and kept goin'
To the hood, and we was fin to
Find somethin' else to get into
Like some pussy, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a nigga for nothin' at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but still won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?

[Interlude: Dr. Dre + MC Ren (The Jimmy Castor Bunch)]
Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit!
Man, what'cha gon' do now?
(What we're gonna do right here is go way back)
How far you goin' back? (Way back)
"As we go a lil' somethin' like this"—hit it!

[Pre-Verse: Ice Cube]
Here's a little gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank, yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy-E cold runnin' shit

[Verse 4: Eazy-E]
Well, I'm Eazy-E, the one they're talkin' about
Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
With the {diamond in the back, sun-roof top}
Diggin' the scene with the gangsta lean
'Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin' to you
"We want to fuck you, Eazy," I want to fuck you too
Because you see, I don’t really take no shit
So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin' with
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me, I'll put a foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?

[Chorus: MC Ren + Sample]
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll fuck up you and yours
And anything that gets in his way
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality
Gangsta, Gangsta
He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker
And talk about yo' funky ways[Intro: The D.O.C. as Reporter]
Yo! Bitch, don't you know I'll beat your mother'...
Oh, oh! you
'Ey, what's happenin' everybody?
It's your mayn nigga behind the mothafuckin' trigga, Willy Johnston!
And I'm in front of the liquor store with all the bitches, thieves and dopeheads
And I got my man Edmond Woodrow Jones
Aaand the Johntson Sisters (no relation)
So then put little something together,.. to tell y'all... what's really goin' on!
Mia put this shit on! [whisperin']

[Bridge: Choir singin']
Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! (Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)
Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! (Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)
Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Du-dum, dum-dum!

[Choir singin']
Doooon't drink that wiiiine
Coke would be better, just - it's easy to fiiiind!
If that won't do, - smoke a joint o-or twoo-ooo!
Don't drink that wii-iii-iine! - Woooaahhh, that wii-ii-iine! [cell door close]

[Outro: Dr. Dre as News Archor]
The shit y'all listenin' to was sponsored by "M.A.D.D
Mothafuckas Against Drunk Drivin'!"
[Music starts playin' Parliament's]: when you talkin motherfuckin hit
Daaaamn, this some good shit, man!
Where you get this shit from? Daaamn! [coughes]
Yeah, now we take it back to an earlier...
The...
The previous program!i like blax[Intro: The D.O.C.]
Ayo Dre, what's goin' on man? What's goin' on?
Ay what ch'y'all gon' do for this last record?
Nah tell me what ch'y'all gon' do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!
Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm getting candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro
On the mic is the D.O. to the C., this is an intro
I know The D.O.C. makes you want to take a Valium
So buy a bucket cause upcoming is my album
And for the record, meaning my record, check it
Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
Of the Dr. Dre played with N.W.A
Yella's on the drum roll, rocking the beat
Ayo Dre, where's you gonna take this ---- man?

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre (The D.O.C)]
Ayo, let's take it to the street (word up!)
Let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessing
Cause I don't give a damn about a radio play
Observe the English I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listening to something so [censored] hard
Dope, pumping that's so my rhymes will never falter
Yo it's Dre, forget the "Mind of Minolta"
Psycho like no other dumb brother
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O
But be warned, never will I leave like a regular
Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earning money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full, of clocking the lame getting pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid)
Nah that's bull, yo, they like it stylistic
And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashing when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion
Pure simplicity, see, it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest young brothers this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys
Parental discretion is advised

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous
Some trash I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And trash from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe the stupid suckers'll learn
I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, 'cause I'm a principal
I'm engineering the funky sound that you're hearing
'Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steering
Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it
Rushing to the eject, to put my tape in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I really don't care while I'm damaging ya
It's for the record, yo, so my lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'd win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
Cause a brother like Ren don't really care cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say forget it, parental discretion is advised

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
Cause if you fail to see, read it in braille
It'll still be funky, so what's next is the flex
Of a genius, my rapid-stutter-stepping if you seen this
Dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if play made a greater high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guess it was a test of a different style
It's just another dope brother on the pile
Driving around with the flow of the tongue
You hung yourself shortly after knowledge was brung
To your attention, by the hardest rapping artist
That is known for lynching any sucker in a minute
Stagger 'em all
When I start flowing like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip it up in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must

[Verse 4: Eazy-E]
Little did they know, that I would be arriving
And it's surprising, rocking it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made
In the trade where funky dope records are being played
Damn the regular, yo as I get better the
Girls wanna trick and go stupid up on the tip
So I get 'em hot, thinking they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbing their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't it
When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get a hit
From the Eaze, if you can deal with the size, but if you can't
Parental discretion's advised!Aaaah, this is one of them songs
You can kick back and smoke a joint to
And get real fucked up
I like to dedicate this one to all the lovely young ladies out there
Oh me? I'm Eazy E, alias A Hoe Taming Motherfucker
And I want all you ladies to know something...

I'd rather fuck with you all goddamn night
Cause your pussy's good
Now I'm fucking all your friends
Cause you ran your mouth like I knew you would
You were bragging to your friends
Saying "Eazy E knows how to fuck"
So bring your ass in here and give me some
So I can bust a nut (go on and sing that shit)

[Hook:Jewell]
I'd rather fuck you, yeah (said I'd rather fuck with you)
I'd rather fuck you, yeah (said I'd rather fuck with you)

I'd rather fuck with you
Cause I like the way you scream my name
I know you like this dick
Cause you enjoy the pleasure and pain
Now I'm riding on this pussy here
And I'm not gonna stop (I'm not gonna stop bitch)
We can do it doggy style
And you can get on top (sing this motherfucker)

Hook/Jewell

Whoo boy, I'd rather fuck with you, yeah (sing that song bitch)
I need you baby, whoo, I'd rather fuck you, I'd rather fuck with you

I'd rather fuck with you
Cause the other bitches wanna wine and dine (fuck all that)
I better hurry up and get this nut
Cause it's check-out time
She said she wanted me to eat the pussy
Well I think I'll pass (I don't think so)
So get your ass up you funky bitch
And wash your ass (sing this motherfucking shit)


[Hook along with Jewell harmonizing until songs ends][Intro: Woman]
Lesson 2 : Gently place the balls into the mouth and
Hmmmmmmmmm..

[Hook]
Get it all baby
Get it all baby
Get it all baby
(What you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it
("She swallowed it")
Suck this dick for daddy
("She swallowed it")
Juicin' at the lips
("She swallowed it")
It's the world's biggest dick
(What do you want me to do with it?)
Don't matter just don't bite it

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Slow is the tempo - now talkin' but a nympho
So peep it out here goes the info
This is a bitch that did the whole crew
She get it so much we make bets on who the ho would love to go through
And for the shit that she does, give her a drum roll
Because the dumb bitch licks out the asshole
And she'll let you videotape her
And if you got a gang of niggas, the bitch would let you rape her
She likes suckin' on dicks, and lickin' up nut
And they even take the broomstick up the butt
Just to say that she did it with a rapper
But the pussy was more fishy than red snapper
"But how many licks would it take," she asks
"To make MC Ren start gooshin' up vanilla shakes?"
She took her tongue out her mouth, put it on top
Like a cherry, started movin' it like a snake and it was very irresistable
I couldn't pay the bitch to quit
Cuz the ho' was doin' some ol' crazy shit
That made me start havin' a fit'
Cuz the bitch sucked a hellified dick [suck this dick]

[Hook]

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Now one night I was at a drive-in
And a car full of niggas straight drove in
I thought they wuz commin' to start trouble but no
Five niggas in the bucket with the neighborhood ho'
Now what do you expect they're gonna dogg her like a doggy
Thirty minutes later and the windowz all were foggy
And I'm off in my car havin' a fit cuz the bitch that I'm with
Said no fuckin' on the first date, shit
And I'm like Damn! I wish I was in the bucket
To be the sixth nigga with the ho' and I can fuck it
So I told the bitch I was with that I'm goin' to the snack bar
And got the fuck out the car
Went to the bucket and I looked through the window
It was some niggas that I knew they let me in yo
And my turn was like next
I couldn't see her face, all I saw was her pussy and her chest
I wanted to see the face, I felt I oughtta
Peep over the seat, Oh shit! It's the preacher's daughter!
And she's only 14 and a ho'
But the bitch sucks dick like a specialized pro
She looked at me, I was surprised
But wasn't passin' up the chance of my dick gettin' baptized
I told the bitch to do it quick
You little ho' hurry up and suck my dick!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Now I'm a break it down with a fact
Since the last "Just don't bite it" girls don't know how to act
Sayin' that they never would suck a dick
But when they've tried it they couldn't quit
Cuz ninety percent of the bitches today they love that shit
And those are the main ones that say they don't do it
But MC Ren knows the bitches are used to it
So fellas, next time they try to tell a lie
That they never suck a dick, punch a bitch in the eye
And then the ho' will fall to the ground
Then you'll open up her mouth
Put your dick in and move the shit around
And she'll catch on and start doin' it on her own
Actin' like she's tryin' to suck the meat off a chicken bone
And then she won't let go
Because bitches suck nut out of a dick just like Drano
Get the last drop, unclogging the pipe
Then the stupid bitch is out doing that same shit the next night
Because she just can't quit
Cuz she's addicted, addicted, she's addicted, addicted
She's addicted to suck a good dick

[Hook][Intro: CPO Boss Hogg]
Hehehehehehehahahahaha
Yeah, it's me again
So check it out - ladies, not gentlemen
Drop your draws, cop a seat
And let's get into this, yeah

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
Easily I'm approachin', there ain't no jokin'
When the pussy holes are open
Ready to fuck until my dick is raw
Yo! the muthafuckin' devil's son-in-law
(Peter Peter, the Pussy-eater)
No it's the E, the mothafuckin' pussy-beater
And I’m the quicker-picker-up, I'm quick to pick up a bitch
So come here bitch and lick up and lick up and lick up the dick
Now how many nuts would it take for me
To let that bitch graduate to lesson three, let's see
(Splash splash splash splash splash splash)
As you can see I straight waxed that ass
Back up bitch unless you want nut in your eye
I never never ever ever seen a bitch cry
Nut one, nut two, nut four, five, six
I lost the third nut in the mix, fuck it!
(Hey yo Yella boy, why don't you rewind it!)
Six, five, four, now three is up
Gimme that gimme that gimme that nut
You wanna feel the dick baby try your luck
Because the E likes to fuck fuck fuck yo
I get 'em stuck-on and get the fuck on
Give 'em a Tootsie Roll and tell 'em thanks for the pussy hole
I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know
But before I D.O. - yo I take a ho to the hotel
To the motel, to the holiday inn
Yo, if that bitch start fuckin' up (What you do?)
I'll just fuck her friend

[Transition: Eazy-E + Dr. Dre]
Ah Dr. Dre
What up?
My mellow
Yo
It's on you - so what the fuck you're gonna do?

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Well, it's on and on and on and on
Yo the beat don't stoppin' 'till the break o' dawn
Yo, every bitch I know they wanna get with me
The motherfuckin' notorious D-R-E
Spit game at a bitch while a nigga's around
And you know most ho's knows not to clown
Cause if a bitch tries to diss me while I'm full of liquor
I smack the bitch up and shoot the nigga that's with her
That's the kind of nigga that you're listenin' to
Talk to you for a minute then my dick's in you
Yo now every single bitch got a price to pay
Up on the dicks of N.W.A
I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know
But before I D.O. - yo, I take a hoe to the hotel
To the motel, to the holiday inn (say what?)
If that bitch start fuckin' up, yo
I'll just fuck her friend

[Transition: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Now MC Ren
What up?
My mellow
A check it out
It's on you - so what the fuck you're gonna do?

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Now gather around y'all, and check it out y'all
And all the bitches come and suck up on my balls y'all
And take a ticket to play with it like a Slinky
So put your lips on my big chocolate twinkie
And you swallow all the nut if you bitches are smart
To make my dick pop up like a Pop-Tart
But after I nut I'mma leave ya
But first I must deceive ya, because bitch I don't need ya
And don't say that you love me too
Cause if I turn my back you would fuck the whole crew
You're nothin' but a stank ho' tryin' to take my bank ho'
So I have to let you know  at a hotel
And a motel and a holiday inn (say what?)
Because if that bitch starts fuckin' up yo
I'll just fuck her friend[Intro: Eazy-E]
What you want, is an unexpected approach
That may delay a suspect's awareness, of your presence
Until you have a chance to assess
The situation, you are confronted
Approach to danger... don't move
(It's hard to predict what would happen next)
(Oh shit, he has a gun!) Drop the gun
You could've prevented a tragedy

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
You can approach, but the danger light is blinkin
A self-desctruct button is activated when I'm thinkin
This is a tribulation, the weak is judged
The prophecy was fulfilled, cause I never budge
I took up the tools, crucifixion was the extreme
They're seein doubles of me, but it wasn't a dream
One vision was of life, the other was death
And life didn't give a fuck if death took your last breath
So you burn in my pit that I call hell
Where you got sent, because your shit don't sell
My twenty-twenty was blurry from the smoke
Of the niggas that I burned and tormented but I didn't choke
I started doing them, I kept on doing them, two of them
Shoot them up until that nigga Ren was through with them
And my presence to the suckers was of a stranger
But fuck it, they can approach to the danger

[Interlude: Eazy-E]
If you can be seen, you can be hit
If you can be hit, you can be killed
(He's over there! Shoot him!)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Fatal approach to danger, just to remain a strangler
Out run, the shot of a gun when the game's up
Murder in the first degree, but it's worse to be
A dead motherfucker or a nigga in custody
With everybody thinkin of death
I kept workin, to be one of the last niggas left
So many people lookin for hope, they broke
Without checkin the fingerprints on a motherfucker's throat
A heart of steel can reveal the real nigga in me
So figure to see, the D-E-A-D
Bodies like a nigga straight walkin in a cemetary
So it's very necessary to carry
Ammunition for niggas wishin but they better take caution
Before Dre goes off
And starts killin motherfuckers just in order to change the
Anger for the real nigga when I approach to danger

[Interlude]
Approach the motherfuckin danger
("Come back to hell and see me some time!")
("This is it y'all")

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Final approach to danger, death, destruction around every corner
Another dead body and you wanna keep runnin
But even the rain turns black
All you can do is stay alert and try to stay out of the searchlight
No prison, nobody makes bail
Everybody gotta go but see it ain't no jail
Think about death, takin your last breath
Heart beatin like a motherfucker like it ain't no time left
With so many ways to stay up, I gotta get mine
Even though they wanna make a crime, yo
Of bein real, a federal letter in the beginnin
Because of the release of "Fuck the Police"
Fuck it I approach the danger
Cause I don't give a fuck if somebody gotta get fucked up
So you might as well kiss your ass goodbye
Cause in the long run ("we all die")[Intro - samples]
Kick that x5
Cold kicking ow
Kick that
Funky fresh Eazy-E
Kick that
Cold kicking ow
Pull up a chair and I'ma tear it up

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E, yo 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kicking and a snag I nag
And if ain't rap, then you know it's crap
Crowd rocking sucker stomper from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo, mean hombre
E rolling out, to find the Boyz
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my tail, I don’t like jail
40 ounce in my lap and it's cold as hell
Hook a right turn and let the dim go up
Then I say to myself, they can kiss my butt
Hip to get drunk got the eight in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Rolling so hard had the bass cold whomping
Cruising through the Eastside, South of Compton
See a big butt, and I say word
I took a look at her face, and the girl was to the curb
But she was on my tip for the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's getting busy got the 8 ball rolling

[Hook: Samples]
I, was...cold kicking ass
I, was...raised in L.A
I, was...cruising down the street in my six-four
Too much posse

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
Riding on Slausson, looking for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and wouldn't you now
A Cadillac almost wrecked the six-fo'
Flipped him off, cruise by the mall
Went to the store for some Olde 8 ball
Acting real ill cause I was drunk
See a sucker punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Pointed at the fool, and it was all because
I had to show the boy what time it was
When I turned around it was like a mirage
Knucklehead like that got out of dodge
Suckers be illing cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's in affect and got the 8 ball rolling

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Olde English 800, cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, forty, quart or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Forget the police and a 5-0-2
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three girls already said," Eric yo' breath smells! "
8 ball in hand, that's what I got
"Yo man, you see Eazy hurlin' in the parkin' lot?"
Punked your lady, stepped on her toe
Asked her to dance and she said, hell no
Called her a skizzy because that's the rule
Boyz-n-the hood trying to keep me cool
You tell my homeboys you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get 'em up
I started dropping the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb stupid bum, got knocked out cold
"Made you look sick, you snotty nosed prick
Now your fly ***** is all over his ****"
Fool got dropped cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's hardcore and got the 8 ball rolling

[Verse 4: Eazy-E]
Yo pass the brew Ren while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so funk funk funky
Do the Olde 8, forget the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the homies from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so give us respect
Make a toast stupid punk to the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's breaking out and got the 8 ball rolling

[Outro: Eazy, (MC Ren), ]
Man I'm outta here
(Yo Eazy, you forgot to tell 'em what city you chill in)
{​​​In the city (Scratching) City of Compton}​​​
{​​​In the city (Scratching) City of Compton}​​​
{​​​City, City, City of Compton (Repeat x5)}​​​[Dre]
Ah yeah, yo Ren, yo ready to do this shit ?
[Ren]
Yeah, Dre, let's rip shit up
[Dre]
Hey, yo Yella Boy, why don't you kick me one of them
Funky ass beats ?
[Ren]
Yo, we got my homeboy Eazy E in the house
[Dre]
Compton's definitely in the house. Yo Ren, whatta we gonna
Call this ? Tell'em what yo name is ?
[Ren]
Yeah something like that
[Dre]
Allright, let's kick this shit on the one
Kick it

[Verse 1: MC Ren & Dr. Dre]
Back by demand, now it's big as fuck
Because you as the public, you should know what's up
"Compton's in the House" was more than gold, it was a hit
Cause it was based on some crazy shit
So our final conclusion has been permitted
Punks made us a target and knew that we'd hit it
But that was a part of showbizz

[Dr. Dre]
Hey yo homeboy, why don't you tell'em what your name is

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Well for the record it's Ren, and for the street it's villain
And strapped with a gat, it's more like Matt Dillon
On "Gunsmoke", but not a man of the law
I'm just the baddest motherfucker that you ever saw
See, I peep and then I creep on a fool
Get my bloodpressure high but still stay cool
Dig a grave of a nigga lookin' up to me
That really had the nerve that he could fuck with me
Who was the man in the mass, while I was waitin' to axe
You know, it's MC Ren kickin' mucho ass
Gettin' respect in showbizz
Hey yo homeboy
[Dre:]
Whassup ?
Why don't you tell'em what yo name is ?

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Dre, the motherfuckin' doctor, bitch hopper
The sucker-motherfucker stopper
Back with a vocal track that's a fresh one
So now, let's get the motherfuckin' session
Goin', flowin'. It's time to start throwin' - rhymes
So keep in mind all the suckers I'm blowin'
Cause I'm a start showin' the time
Never sayin' I'm the best and just goin' for mine
Unlike a lotta suckers who claim they're gettin' busy
When their records only make good frisbees
You need to quit runnin' off the mouth
Stop and think before you put some whack bullshit out
It's not difficult, in fact it's kinda simple
To create something funky that's original
You either talkin' 'bout the place to be
Who you are, what you got, or about a sucker MC

[Dre]
Oh yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about, Ren
You know what I'm sayin' ?
[Ren]
Yeah, I know what you're sayin', Dre, but you
Still ain't told'em enough, man
[Dre]
Allright, Allright
Well, let's kick one more verse right here, allright
Kick it

[Verse 4: MC Ren & Dr. Dre]
This is portable, something to fuck with yo ear
Ren and Dre will appear when the sound is clear
To fuck it up like we always do, and that's the trick
Sayin' some shit to make the bitches wanna suck our dicks
But it's an everyday thang
Communicating to y'all with the Compton slang
Compton's back in the house and your appartment
So open your door, by the way, so we can start it
Test the monitors and call this mic
Cause the way we feel, we're gonna fuck it up tonight
I got my mic in my hand, with a hell of a grip
Bitches screamin' and shit, now it's a trip
Waitin' for the grand finale, or the end
Or stupid rhymes set by Dre and Ren
Well, like a kid, we get new shoes and go faster
Smilin', like hell, as we move past the
Suckers, the motherfuckers with the ego hype
Well we're positive and they're on a negative type
And if think we're about to quit...
Motherfucker you ain't heard shit

[Dre]
Yeah, that shit was funky, you know what I'm sayin', Ren ?
[Ren]
I know what you're sayin', this is MC Ren and Dr.Dre
Cold kickin' it in the place
[Dre]
Ah yeah, my mellow Eazy E in the house
Yella Boy in the house
My boy Ice Cube
Arabian Prince cold rockin' shit
[Ren]
Oh yeah, hey, I'm a say whassup to my homeboys from CMW
[Dre]
Yeah, hey, yo Ren, whatta we gonna call this shit?
"Tell'em what yo name is?"
[Ren]
Yeah something like that...Ah yeah, right about now Compton's in de mothafuckin' house [yeah do it do it]
NWA's in full effect
Hey yo yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat
Yeah, who's in de mothafuckin' house?
Compton's in the mothafuckin' house!
Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house
Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do?

[MC Ren]

To the people over here
To the people over there
To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, the people
People From everywhere watching the show
Paying top dolars because they know
When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range
So Dre, why don't you get the 12 guage [yeah]
And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid mothafucka!
Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
Programmin' - a beat that's hittin'
And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin'
Dope - like a pound or a key
So shut de fuck up and listen to me
I make a killin
I got money to the ceiling [why's that?]
'cause I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain
MC Ren - stomping any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

[Dr. Dre]

Now my name iz Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor
Rippin' shit up [oh yeah] and here to rock ya
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the ruthless posse
Fuckin' it up [word up] iz what we do
The reputation of the NWA crew
Gettin' busy because we're cold stampin'
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised in Compton

Speakin' of Compton, it's makin' me sick [why?]
Everybody'z talkin' that crazy shit
Sayin' they were raised in the CPT [aha]
Just as I was, they try to be like me
Poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face
Knowin' that they never even seen the place
Claimin' my city is my city they claim
Mothafuckaz we're about to put some salt in your game ..

Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckerz runnin' around town, talkin' about
They're from Compton and shit, tryin' to get on the bandwagon ..
Yeah Dre, I know what you're sayin' man, but let's tell 'em who we're
Talkin' about ..

WHAT DO YOU CALL A CREW THAT CAN RAP LIKE THAT ...?
Yo NWA call 'em mothafuckaz wack..
[yeah you know what time it iz, listen to why we call 'em wack]

They got a wacky wack record wit a wacky wack crew
Yo what about the lyrics?
That shit's wacky wack too
With a fucked up style and a fucked up show
Hey yo Ren, what about the scratchin', is it def?
Fuck no!

The mothafuckin' record is so mothafuckin' wack
The mothafuckin' cracka jack needs to step the fuck back ...

Do you want some of this?
Hell no ..
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats?
My boy .. my boy .. my boy Ice Cube
Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in de house
Won't you tell 'em what your name iz?

[MC Ren]

MC Ren is the mothafuckin' Coroner
I'm gettin' rid of mothafuckaz as if they was a foreigner
Show no greed to pretend when I sin
I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in
This ain't a TKO in the first
But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse
Then a beat from Tyson 'cause Ren is not nice and
Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and
Findin' you a number for luck
'cause you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck
My identity, and the shit is gettin' shown
Without a video I'm still gettin' on
I'm at a show then my picture is takin'
One click of the flash and punk niggas are breakin'
To the door, tryin' to join my fan club
Lipstickin' over one of my dubs
And it's the minimal scratch for the moment
Until I fuck up the so called opponet
That's standing in the zone of the twilight
Sayin' how in de fuck did he get mixed up in my fight
It was'nt a mistake, it was a set-up
So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up
And don't attempt to speak
Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit quick
With a nigga like Ren about the hit
Now lemme hear you mothafuckaz talk some more shit
I'm a bust your ass in your mouth
Yo, unless you're sayin' "Compton's in de house"

[Dr. Dre]

Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off
Bust de move, we can have a shake n' bake-off
Me and you can go 'cause I don't care yo
Rap fight or guerilla warfare
We can rumble, 'cause when my lungs go in and out
I kick rhymes in a bundle to win about
Or scarier scaffle
I just muffle the opposition, there's no competition
Let 'em know that Dre is gettin' stronger
Compton's in de house but now it's some' longer
I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up
You can say uncle and I still won't let up
'cause Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor
And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt
"Boy you should've known by now" ..

Compton's in the house
Yeah, it's time to put Compton on de map, don't ever think you can get it on
You stupid mothafuckaz!

Compton's in the house ..[Dr. Dre]
You know what I'm saying you know what I'm saying
All you people listening thank you for all your money
Hahahah we really appreciate it, its going to a very useful cause
The help Dre get a brand new Testorossa Ferrari Fund. Hahahaha{Dr. Dre} man I need sum muthafuckin pussy. {MC Ren} hell yea get sum bitches around dis muthafucka {Eazy-E} I don't need shit (Dr. Dre) bust a left up here on sunset (MC Ren) iight. Check it out there go sum bitches right there. (Dr. Dre) just pull over just pull over (Dr. Dre) a yo bitch cum here let me talk to you foe a minute. (Hooker) huh? What? U talkin tah me? (Eazy-E) nah ya mama bitch, u kno who da fuck we talkin bout. (Dr. Dre) get yo muthafuckin ass ova here. (Hooker) watchu want big boy (MC Ren) wassup wassup (Hooker) watchu mean wassup what kinda money you talkin bout. (MC Ren) money? Bitch you betta open up yo mouth and suck my dick. (Hooker) yo dick ill----- (MC Ren) grab dat bitch grab her grab dat bitch (Dr. Dre) get yo muthafuckin ass in the car fuck dat muthafucka. (Hooker) let me go let me go (Eazy-E) I ain't fuckin dis bitch (3x gunshots) fuck dis bitch man. (MC Ren) fuck wrong wit you man shootin dis bitch in my shit (Eazy-E) u shoulda neva put da bitch in the goddamn car anyway. (MC Ren) shit all ova da seats man. (Dr. Dre) man fuck dat bitch man there go sum mo bitches ova there blow tha muthafuckin horn[The D.O.C.]
Take me to commercial

[Dr. Dre]
The World's most dangerous group..

[MC Ren]
Once again; beating on your motherfucking eardrums
It's the niggas in black; ready to attack
See, y'all know what time it is

[Dr. Dre]
What mothafuckin time it is!

[MC Ren]
You have witnessed, you have heard
So we're gonna take time out for commercial break

[Dr. Dre]
Be on a look out for the new N.W.A. album

[MC Ren]
Ladies and gentlemen
The name of the new album is.. efiL4zaggiN
The name of the new album is.. efiL4zaggiN
The name of the new album is.. efiL4zaggiN

[Eazy-E]
YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH MOTHERFUCKERS!!
THAT'S WHAT THE FUCK WE'RE TALKING ABOUT!!
SO GO ON OUT AND BUY THAT GODDAMN ALBUM
STUPID MOTHERFUCKERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRS!!

[DJ Yella impersonating The Boogie Man]
HAHAHA HAHAHA HAHHA
BUY THE FUCKIN ALBUM BITCH!!
Efil4zaggin!!

[MC Ren]
Four bad motherfuckers
Get off the dick motherfucker
Yo, yeah, we're back in this motherfucker
Controlling the 1990s
So you better step the fuck back
If you know; it's good for your motherfucking ass
Yo, you know what? - we're outta here..Dr. Dre: Yo man I need some muthafucking pussy
MC Ren: Hell yeah, bitches around this muthafucka
Eazy-E: I don't need shit
Dr. Dre: Bust a left up here on Sunset, aight
MC Ren: Yo check it out, there go some bitches right there, you want me to pull over?
Dr. Dre: Yeah pull over, pull over
Dr. Dre: Ay ayo bitch come here, let me talk to you for a minute
Hooker: Wha what? You talkin' to me?
Eazy-E: Nah ya mama bitch, you know who the fuck we talking 'bout
Dr. Dre: Get yo muthafuckin' ass over here
Hooker: Well what you want big boy?
MC Ren: ayy wassup, wassup
Hooker: What you mean "wassup", what kinda money you talking 'bout?
MC Ren: Money? Bitch you better open up yo mouth and suck my dick
Hooker: What kinda money you talkin' about black ass or keep on walking now wassup baby?
MC Ren: Suck my dick bitch
MC Ren: Grab dat bitch, grab dat bitch
Dr. Dre: Get yo muthafuckin' ass in the car
MC Ren: Grab dat grab dat bitch (wha wha) fuck that motherfucker in the a fuck that motherfucker in the a
Hooker: Let me go, let me go, come on let me go
Eazy-E: I ain't fuckin' this bitch (3x gunshots) fuck this bitch man
MC Ren: Fuck wrong wit' you man shootin' this bitch in my shit
Eazy-E: Why ya should put the bitch in the goddamn car anyway
MC Ren: Shit all over the seats man
Dr. Dre: Ayy man fuck that, fuck that bitch man, throw ya mothafucking hands out
Yo, there go sum mo bitches over there blow the muthafuckin' hornWhat you want is an unexpected approach
That may delay a suspect's awareness of your presence
Until you have a chance to assess
The situation you are confronted
Approach to danger, don't move
It's hard to predict what would happen next
Oh s***, he has a gun, drop the gun
You could've prevented a tragedy
You can approach but the danger light is blinkin'
A self-destruct button is activated when I'm thinkin'
This is a tribulation, the weak is judged
The prophecy was fulfilled 'cause I never budge
I took up the tools, crucifixion was the extreme
They're seein' doubles of me, but it wasn't a dream
One vision was of life, the other was death
And life didn't give a *** if death took your last breath
So you burn in my pit that I call 'Hell'
Where you got sent because your *** don't sell
My 20/20 was blurry from the smoke
Of the *** that I burned and tormented but I didn't choke
I started doin' 'em, I kept on doin' 'em
Two of 'em, shoot 'em up 'til that *** Ren was through with 'em
And my presence to the suckers was of a stranger
But *** it, they can approach to the danger
If you can be seen, you can be hit
If you can be hit, you can be killed
He's on the line, shoot him
Fatal approach to danger, just to remain a strangler
Out run the shot of a gun when the game's up
Murder in the first degree but it's worse to be
A dead motherf*** or a *** in custody
With everybody thinkin' of death
I kept workin' to be one of the last n*** left
So many people lookin' for hope, they broke
Without checkin' the fingerprints on a motherf*** throat
A heart of steel can reveal the real *** in me
So figure to see the D E A D
Bodies like a *** straight walkin' in a cemetery
So it's very necessary to carry
Ammunition for *** wishin' but they better take caution
Before Dre goes off
And starts killin' motherf*** just in order to change the
Anger for the real *** when I approach to danger
Approach the motherf*** danger
Come back to hell and see me some time
This is it, y'all
Final approach to danger, death, destruction around every corner
Another dead body and you wanna keep runnin'
But even the day turns black
All you can do is stay alert and try to stay out of the searchlight
No prison, nobody makes bail
Everybody gotta go but see it ain't no jail
Think about death, takin' your last breath
Heart beatin' like a motherf***, like it ain't no time left
With so many ways to stay up, I gotta get mine
Even though they wanna make a crime, yo
Of bein' real, a federal letter in the beginnin'
Because of the release of 'F*** Tha Police'
*** it I approach the danger
'Cause I don't give a *** if somebody gotta get *** up
So you might as well kiss your ass goodbye
'Cause in the long run, we all die[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Niggas Wit' Attitudes
Niggas Wit' Attitudes
Niggas Wit' Attitudes

[Refrain: Ice Cube]
I'm comin' straight outta Compton

[Refrain: Ice Cube]
When somethin' happens in South Central, Los Angles
Nothin' happens. It's just another nigga dead (dead)

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit' Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off your ass, that's how I'm goin' out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showin' out
Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix them and cook them in a pot like gumbo
Goin' off on a motherfucker like that
With a gat, that's pointed at your ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no tellin' when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep you dancin'
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfuckin' fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knockin' niggas out the box, daily
Yo', weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighbourhood, you better duck
'Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin'
But when I come back, boy, I'm comin' straight outta Compton

[Interlude: MC Ren]
Y'all, a-oh, a-oh

[Interlude: DJ Yella]
City of Compton!
City of Compton!

[Eazy-E & Mc Ren]
Yo, Ren
What's up?
Tell them where you from!

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this
But the pussy ass niggas won't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jackin' the crops
Just like burglary, the definition is jackin'
And when I'm illegally armed, it's called packin'
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece of pussy, I go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'ma call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho'
You'll probably get mad like them bitches are 'posed to
But that shows me, slut, you're composed to
A crazy motherfucker from the street
Attitude legit, 'cause I'm tearin' up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker, that starts static
Not the right hand 'cause I'm the hand itself
Every time, I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, 'cause I'm the motherfuckin' Villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin'
That's takin' place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangster tip
Straight outta Compton!

[Interlude: DJ Yella]
City of Compton!
City of Compton!

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy is his name and the boy is coming;

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Straight outta Compton, is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfuckin' cop I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kind of funny, the attitudes showin' a nigga drivin'
But don't know where the fuck he goin', just rollin'
Lookin' for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload, you see, it's about to over the hesitation
And hear's the scream of the one, who got the last penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin'
But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin'
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker!
This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken, by a stupid dope brotha' who will smother
Word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton

[Outro: DJ Yella]
City of Compton!
City of Compton!Cruisin' down the street in my 6-4
Jockin' the bitches, slappin' the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin' some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin' Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin' that GTA
'Coz the boyz-n-the-hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy 'coz I ain't sayin' shit
[Beats]
Donald B in the place to give me the pace
He said, My man JD is on freebase
The boy JD was a friend of mine
'Til I caught him in my car tryin' to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly cluck head pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, L.A. Times, front page
'Coz the boyz-n-the-hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy 'coz I ain't sayin' shit
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboys chill
The fellows out there, makin' that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I started drinkin'
And from the 8-ball, my breath start stinkin'
Love to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left, I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb h*** says somethin' that made me mad
She said somethin' that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid *** by her nappy ass weave
She started talkin *** wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the h***
Her father jumped out and he started to shout
So I threw a right-cross, cold knocked him out
'Coz the boyz-n-the-hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy 'coz I ain't sayin' ***
I'm rollin' hard now, I'm under control
Then wrapped my 6-4 'round the telephone poll
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I throw it in the gutter and go buy another
Walkin' home, I see the G ride
Now Kat is drivin', Kilo on the side
As they busted a u, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Kat got beaten for resistin' arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin' his Guess
Now G is caught for doin' the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time
'Coz the boyz-n-the-hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy 'coz I ain't sayin' ***
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellaz start to riot in the County Jail
Two days later in Municipal Court
Kilo G on trial, cold cut a fart
Disruption of a court said the judge
On a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out fire, then came Suzy
The *** came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the girl but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder
'Coz the boyz-n-the-hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy 'coz I ain't sayin' ***[Intro: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Yeah, right about now Compton's in the mothafucking house Yeah do it, do it, do it
N.W.A's in full effect
Hey yo Yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat
Pump it up, pump it up
Yeah, who's in the mothafucking house right now?
Pump that shit up
Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house
Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do?

[Verse 1: MC Ren & Dr. Dre + Eazy-E]
To the people over here
To the people over there
To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, the people, people
From everywhere watching the show
Paying top dollars because they know
When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafucking range
[R] So Dre
[D] What up?
[R] Why don't you get the 12 guage (yeah)
And show them how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna make something of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up suckers
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid mothafucker
Kicking, like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum getting dumb
Programming - a beat that's hitting
And if you listen then you know we're not bullshitting

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Dope - like a pound or a key (yeah)
So shut the fuck up and listen to me
I make a killing - I got money to the ceiling (why's that?)
Cause I'm a mothafucking ruthless villain
MC Ren - stomping any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Now my name is Dre - the mothafucking doctor
Ripping shit up (oh yeah) and here to rock ya
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the ruthless posse
Fucking it up (word up) is what we do
The reputation of the N.W.A crew
Getting busy because we're cold stomping
And we're born and raised
(And we're born and raised)
And we're born and raised in Compton

[Verse 4: MC Ren & Dr. Dre]
[R] Speaking of Compton, it's making me sick (why?)
Everybody's talking that crazy shit
[D] Saying they were raised in the CPT
Just as I was, they try to be like me
[R & D] Popping that shit, get the fuck out my face
Knowing that they never even seen the place
Claiming my city is my city they claim
Muthafucka we're about to put some salt in your game

[Break: Dr. Dre (MC Ren)]
Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckers running around town Talking about they're from Compton and shit
Trying to get on the bandwagon
(Yeah Dre, I know what you're saying man, but let's tell them who we're talking about)

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre & MC Ren]
What do you call a crew that can rap like that?
[R] Yo N.W.A call them muthafuckers wack
[D] Yeah you know what time it is, listen to why we call them wack
They got a wacky wack record with a wacky wack crew
[R] Yo what about the lyrics?
[D] That shit's wacky wack too
[R] With a fucked up style and a fucked up show
[D] Hey yo Ren, what about the scratching, is it def?
[R] Fuck no!
The mothafucking record is so mothafucking wack
The mothafucking cracka jack needs to step the fuck back

[Break: Dr. Dre (MC Ren)]
Do you want some of this? Hell no
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
(Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain)
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
(Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain)
Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats?
My boy, my boy, my boy Ice Cube
(Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in the house)
Won't you tell 'em what your name is?

[Verse 7: MC Ren]
MC Ren is the mothafucking coroner
I'm getting rid of mothafucker as if they was a foreigner
Show no grief to pretend when I sin
A punch you can block it but I'm a still get in
This ain't a TKO in the first
But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse
Than a beat from Tyson, cause Ren is not nice and
Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and
Finding you a number for luck
Cause you'll need it when you see I don't give a fuck
My identity, and the shit is getting shown
Without a video I'm still getting on
I'm at a show then my picture is taking
One click of the flash and punk niggas are breaking
To the door, trying to join my fan club
Lip-syncing over one of my dubs
The instrumental will scratch for the moment
Until I fuck up the so called opponent
That's standing in the zone of the twilight
Saying how in the fuck did he get mixed up in my fight
It wasn't a mistake, it was a set-up
So until I'm finished popping my lyrics you should shut up
And don't attempt to speak
Because it's bad enough you rolling up shit creek
With a nigga like Ren about the hit
Now let me hear you mothafuckers talk some more shit
I'm a bust your ass in your mouth
Yo, unless you're saying - "Compton's in the house"

[Verse 8: Dr. Dre]
Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off
Bust a move, we can have a shake n' bake-off
Me and you can go cause I don't care yo
Rap fight or guerilla warfare
We can rumble, cause when my lungs go in and out
I kick rhymes in a bundle to win a bout
Or scurry or scuffle
I just muffle the opposition, there's no competition
Let them know that Dre is getting stronger
Compton's in the house but now it's some longer
I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up
You can say uncle and I still won't let up
Cause Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor
And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt
(Boy you should've known by now) - Compton's in the house

[Outro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, it's time to put Compton on the map
Don't ever think you can get it on, you stupid mothafuckas!God damn, now lick my balls, oh shit
[Bitch] You like that?
Put 'em off
[Bitch] It's good?
Ouch, shit, godamn bitch you bit' my damn
Shit I said suck the mothafucka, you're bitin' it, shit!

[Narrator]
Has this ever happened to you?
Does her teeth get in the way while she's sucking your dick?
Does she know how to suck a dick?
Well, I had that same problem until my bitch went out and bought N.W.A's new book entitled "The Art of Sucking Dick"

[Bitch]
Lesson 1 - First you grab the dick
Next you gently lick it up and down, then insert it into the mouth
Take it slow, don't rush it, and before you know it ..
SPLASH!

[Eazy-E]
It goes one for the treble, two for the bass
She got nut all over her face
Kick kick it ...

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Slow is the tempo, and Ren is gonna flow
As I produce and illustrate you to a ho
Caught on the late night, stamping on the base-pipe
She's a hype to get you on the late flight
But back in school she was a cutie, yo
Then after graduation started giving up the booty
In school, stuck her head in a feather
Every time I asked her what's the time
It was never ever what she would talk to the Ren I'm sayin'
I wanted a date, she wouldn't even be my friend
But now in the 1990's, I'd be praying that the bitch don't find me
Cause she's got a gang o' kidz nappy-heads and all dirty
And she's getting pimped by a nigga that's thirty
I saw her hanging in an alley
Raggin to her friends how she's ho'in' in the valley
All by herself, doin' on the ho stroll
Comin back home late night with the bankroll
You know a bitch like that makes me sick
But I've heard that she sucks a good dick!

[Hook]
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it (yeah)

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
At a high school dance, me and the niggas bailed in
I saw her sittin' with her friends, with the clan
So sexy, thought she was all that
She wouldn't even look at us because we wore the black hat
She was a stuck-up bitch on the public floor
But an instant prostitute behind closed doors
On the streets she's a late night feature
Walking home from school, I saw her sucking a nigga's dick under the bleachers
She saw me and she ran and tried to hide her face
But a bitch full of nut couldn't escape in the chase
A disgrace, If I ever ever saw one
There wasn't a nigga on the block late at night not getting done
So she begged me not to tell a soul
Then I said of course, cause my dick, yo, it's harder than a totem pole
Then again it don't concern me
Cause there's a slight chance if I fuck she might burn me
And then I might have to shoot the ho
I mean checking with the quickness just to let her know
But to prevent from getting sick -
I would just prefer to let her come and suck my dick

[Hook]
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it (yeah)

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Now I was at a club on a late late Sunday
Peeping at the bitches 'till the next day Monday
Had a couple of drinks, so I was feeling good
And suddenly I saw this bitch  that lives in my neighborhood
She went to church every week so now I lucked up
She was at the end of the bar gettin' fucked up
Back at the house she was bitch n' be ignoring
And when she start to talk the ho' was kinda boring
Yo, but now I got to dawn, see
Now she's dancing on the floor with a skirt and no panties on
Shaking that ass like a salt shaker
I already got my plans -
Just while I'm a take her to a room
But yo I mean a rest room
And stick my dick in her mouth like a wet broom
So I grabbed her hand and she's wit(h) it
So when she turns sober, she'll never admit it
So while she's dropped I'd better get it quick
And see for myself if she sucks a good dick!

[Hook]
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it (yeah)

[Outro]
"So there you have it - a job well done (She swallowed it)
But for now let me get back to what I was doing" (She swallowed it)
Get it
What the fuck suck this dick bitch
Yeah, here comes
Ooh shit, goddamn
Goddamn
Get it all baby, get it all
Suck this dick, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy baby
Suck this dick
You know you like it
Suck it
Oh she swallowed it
She swallowed, oh shit, get it all, get it all, suck this dick, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy ..
Wait till I tell the fellas how you sucked this dick
Hey matter of fact, I want you to suck Dre's dick
Then I want you to suck Yella dick
You already sucked Ren's dick
YOU BOYS ARE DISGUSTING!
Just suck my dick bitch... cause I'm a nigga wit an attitude![Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Here's a little something about a brotha like me
Never shoulda been let out the penitentiary
Ice Cube would like to say
That I'm a crazy motha from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the type of punk that you read about
Doin' a crime or two, that's what the hell I do
You don't like how I'm livin well [garbled]!
This is a crew, and I'm in it
My man Dre'll knock you out in a minute
With a right left, right left you're toothless
And then you say -- damn they ruthless!
We'll make you say it again [damn]
N.W.A's messing up the program
And then you realize we don't care
We don't just say no, we're too busy saying: "Yeah"
About drinking straight out the eight bottle
Tell the truth -- do I look like a role model?
To a kid looking up to me
Life ain't nothin but girls and money
Cause I'm the type of brotha that's built to last
We had some in the present, some in the past
But I don't give a damn cause I keep bailing
Yo, tell em what they yelling

[Hook]
Gangsta gangsta, that's what they're yelling
(It's not about a salary, it's all about reality)
Gangsta, Gangsta
(He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a thing back)

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
Homies all standing around, just hanging
Some dope-dealing, some gang-banging
We decide to roll and we deep
See a sucka on Daytons and we creep
Real slow, and before you know
I had my AK pointed in the window
Check it in, punk, or I might blast
He got scared and hit the gas
We tried to catch him, but you all know
You can't catch a five point oh, so
We headed right back to the fort
Sweatin’ all the girls in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play, from the ladies
With six thugs in a car are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showing
We all said [garbled] and kept going
To the hood, and we was fin to
Look for somethin’ else to get into
Like a new female, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a sucka for nothin’ at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but still won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
Cause I'm the type of brotha that's built to last
We had some in the present, some in the past
But I don't give a damn cause I keep bailin'
Yo, tell em what they yellin'

[Interlude: Dr. Dre (MC Ren)]
Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this
(Man whatcha gonna do now?)
"What we're gonna do right here is go way back"
How far you goin back? "Way back"
"As we go a lil somethin like this"

[Ice Cube]
Here's a lil gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy E [Dre:] cold rockin' it

[Verse 3: Eazy E (MC Ren)]
Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin about
Sucka tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
With the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top"
Diggin' the scene with the gangsta lean
Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just knock suckas out like it ain't no thang
And all the ladies, you know I'm talkin to you
"We love you Eazy!" Yeah, I love you too
Because you see, you know I gotta be legit
(So let me tell you stupid suckas who you're messing with]
Cause I'm the type of brotha that's built to last
We had some in the present, some in the past
But I don't give a damn cause I keep bailin'
Yo, tell em what they yellin'

[Hook]
Gangsta, Gangsta, that's what they're yelling
(It's not about a salary, it's all about reality)
Gangsta, Gangsta
(He'll...up you and yours, and anything that gets in his way)

Gangsta, Gangsta, that's what they're yelling
(It's not about a salary, it's all about reality)
Gangsta, Gangsta
(He'll just call you a low-life mother..., and talk about your funky ways)[Produced by Dr. Dre & DJ Yella]

[Intro: The D.O.C., Dr. Dre, and Ice Cube]
Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A. versus the Police Department
Prosecuting attorneys are; MC Ren, Ice Cube
And Eazy-motherfucking-E
Order, order, order!
Ice Cube, take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
And nothing but the truth so help your black ass?
You goddamn right!
Well, won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Fuck the police! Comin' straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad ‘cause I'm brown
And not the other color, so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit ‘cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on and thrown in jail
We can go toe-to-toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin' with me ‘cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigga is sellin' narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swole off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun, they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
‘Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just ‘cause I'm from the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me
Huh, a young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in L.A
Yo, Dre, I got something to say

[Chorus]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 1: Cop, MC Ren, & Dr. Dre]
Pull your goddamn ass over right now!
Aww shit, now, what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
‘Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up!
Man, fuck this shit!
A'ight, smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Fuck the police! And Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang is with whoever I'm steppin'
And the motherfuckin' weapon is kept in
A stash spot, for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga, so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives them a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you, punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, and I'ma fuck you up!
Make you think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke them now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfuckin' villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
(Gunshot sounds)
Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say…

[Chorus]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 2: Cop, Eazy-E, and Dr. Dre]
(Knocking sounds)
Yeah, man, what you need?
Police, open out!
Aww, shit
We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands right where I can see 'em!
(Move, motherfucker, move now!)
What the fuck did I do, man? What did I do?
Just shut the fuck up
And get your motherfucking ass on the floor!
(You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
But I didn't do shit
Man, just shut the fuck up!
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

[Verse 3: Eazy-E & MC Ren]
I'm tired of the motherfuckin' jackin'
Sweating my gang, while I'm chillin' in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe ‘cause I blast
On a stupid ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
‘Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
‘Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do you got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me, or another nigga
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool!)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin', keep lookin' in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin' off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing, this is what I'll say

[Chorus]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 3: Dr. Dre, Cop]
The verdict:
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck
White bread, chickenshit motherfucker
Wait, that's a lie! That's a goddamn lie!
Get him out of here!
I want justice!
Get him the fuck out my face!
I want justice!
Out, right now!
Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!

[Chorus]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police![Intro: The D.O.C.]
L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A
L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A
L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A
L.A. is the place!

[Eazy-E]
I'm not a renegade but you wish I would
Just because I like to hang with the boys in the hood

[Ron-De-Vu]
Live in L.A. always chill on the west coast
A Tilly Mogul got it close just I mean to boast

[Eazy-E]
I said what's up, we'll be who riding on you
Nickname Eazy-E, and I'm down with the crew
You come talking that trash, we'll pull your card
It's not the Bronx, it's L.A. but just as hard
Don't get me wrong I like to brag on the city I own
The Subway R-T-D, don't ride it alone
You might have silly thoughts, that were insane
But the city I'm from, let me explain

[Hook: Ron-De-Vu]
In L.A. there's things you do not do
First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew
You might have silly thoughts that we're too soft
But don't play it sweet, or get took off

[Hook: All]
Y'all know the time, it's time to get ill
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
The city of angels.. Hollywood.. We love it!

[Eazy-E]
I turned you on to the best females in the world
I wish they all could be California girls
Like the east where your girls wear too many coats
Bring your clothesie, runny noiseie, with a sore throat
That the girls in the south, I cannot bust
Because the girls are fly, and down with us
In the valley not the alley, misdemeanor not ball-ey
Eazy-E, that's me, always chill in Cali'
(Hollywood's a bit of beef), where the scene is raw
Ohh yeah, the strip is a trip on (South Crenshaw)
Don't get me wrong I like to brag on the city I own
(Boy you walk do what?) don't walk alone

[Hook: Ron-De-Vu]
Because in L.A. there's things you do not do
First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew
You might have silly thoughts that we're too soft
But don't play it sweet, or get took off

[The D.O.C.]
L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A
L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A. L.A
L.A. is the place!

[DJ Yella Scratches quotes from below]
Build with the brothers who build the old school --->
Get a.. get a.. get a little some of that.. BEAT BOX --->
Get get get a little some of that beat box --->

[Ron-De-Vu]
West coast style, from L.A
Yes I gets mine, it's got to be that way
It's sunny California that's where I be
If you forgot homeboy I chill with E
In the west I stand that's where you fall
Fila wearing a punk goes snatching it all
Rhyme by rhyme record by E
In the city of angels, with a devil like me
She's contaminated where the boys are hard
And people like me don't perpetrate the fraud
You want to mess around, you better get wise
We'll find your butt, and cut you down to size

[Hook: Ron-De-Vu]
Because in L.A. there's things you do not do
First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew
You might have silly thoughts that we're too soft
But don't play it sweet, or get took off

[Hook: All]
Y'all know the time, it's time to get L
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
We moved back to L.A. ~ Cal-I-forn-ia
City of angels.. Hollywood.. we love it

[Hook: Ron-De-Vu]
Because in L.A. there's things you do not do
First of all, homeboy, don't mess with the crew
You might have silly thoughts that we're too soft
But don't play it sweet, or get took off[Intro: FBI + MC Ren]
Catch those motherfuckers, catch them, catch them
Hey man, keep up keep up, this way, come on man, hurry up
You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?
We haven't spotted them yet. But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
A 100 miles and runnin' -  MC Ren, I hold the gun and
You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in
Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct -
Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck
Chances are usually not good
'Cause I'm frisked with my hands on a hot hood
And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who
When in a black and white the capacity is two
We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers
Not wearing medallions, 'cause we're not stupid, mutherfuckers
They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past
Point blank, they can kiss my black ass
I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police"
'Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace
Now it's broken and can't be fixed
'Cause police and little black niggas don't mix so
Now I'm creepin' through the fall
Runnin' like a G, we'll see, I might have slayed y'all
So for now pack the gun and
Hold it in the air 'cause MC Ren has a 100 miles of runnin'

[Interlude]
In today's news. Four fugitives are on the run
FBI sources tell us that the four are headed
100 miles to their home base, Compton

[Break: Dr. Dre + Eazy-E]
Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear
So I can tell you why

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase
With a steady pace on the face that just reads race
The road ahead goes on and on
The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon
Runnin' on but never runnin' out
Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out
Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do
But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude
Confused, yo but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose
One of the few who's been accused and abused
Of the crime of poisonin' young minds
But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes
And Dre is back from the C-P-T
Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E
So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E!
And any mutherfucker that disagrees
Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass
'Cause I been a nigga known for havin' a notorious past
My mind was slick - my temper was too quick
Now the FBI's all over my dick

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Got the stick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock
That's when the E jumped off the startin' block
A 100 miles from home and, yo, it's a long stretch
A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch
Yeah, back to Compton again
Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen
'Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time
Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind
Runnin' like I just don't care
Compton's 50 miles but, yo, I'mma get there
Archin' my back and on a straight route
Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out
From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by
Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm
A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin'
Straight at yo ass, a 100 miles and runnin'

[Interlude]
This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton
You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:
Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide
Good luck brothers

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose
Show me on the news but I hate to be abused
I know it was a set-up - So now I'm gonna get up
Even if the FBI wants me to shut up
But I've got 10 000 niggas strong
They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song
And while they treat my group like dirt
Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts
So I'mma run 'til I can't run no more
'Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score
I got a urge to kick down doors
At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls

[Verse 5: Dr. Dre]
Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'
Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'
Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it
So now there's four 'cause the fifth couldn't make it
The number's even - now I'm leavin'
We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in
Her and the troops are right behind me
But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me

[Verse 6: Eazy-E]
One more mile to go through the dark streets
Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet
But you know I never stumble or lag last
I'm almost home so I better haul ass
Tearin' up everything in sight
It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight
Now that chase, the shit, is done and
Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with
A 100 miles of runnin'!

Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Surprise, niggas![Dr. Dre]
The motherfucking saga continues

[KMG]
All hail to those believin in the real gangsta shit
Cause when it comes to the real niggas
It makes the shit that much harder to deal with

[Cold 187um]
Yeah, Above The Law up in this motherfucker
"Black Mafia" for life
Down with the real niggas for life! Ha ha
Yo Sweet Talk, tell 'em what the fuck we here for!

[Kokane]
Well alright y'all, USC, Compton, Watts
The Woods! All across the motherfuckin USA
Ye though I walk through the the valley of real niggas
I should fear no man or motherfuckin Klan, hear me one
Cause I been to the mountaintops, y'all
And I done seen through the eyes of a real nigga
(Yo, what you think about the real niggas 187?)

[Cold 187um]
Yo, they make some of the coooooooolest shit I done never heard!

[Km.G]
Yo, for me Km.G I must give it up
To the Ruthless motherfuckin gangsters
Fear no mob!

[Admiral Dancehall]
Because you're scared mon, you're scared!
Dem de pussy runnin at y'all scared mon
Bend dem silly bumba claat barber 'til de pussy claat run
BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! Keep Baby-lon on the run, seen!

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
The real niggas is back, cause there's too many bullshit records out
Niggas fiendin for what we put out
But you don't have to wait no longer
Because the new album is out and the shit is much stronger
So many groups made three albums or more
And that weak-ass shit is still sittin in the record store
They wonder why it never sold
Niggas rappin since the 70's and still never went gold
Our first record sold two million copies
That's because you other motherfuckers are sloppy
You came out street and crossed over
And after that your career is fuckin over
Because of that you're not around
So shut the fuck up and witness the sound of some real niggas

[Interlude: Eazy-E]
Yeah, motherfuckers!
Keepin' all you busters on the run in '91
Kick that shit, Ren

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Most niggas can't understand
And never will if they ain't part of the Ruthless mafia clan
Niggas is dedicated to the streets
With hype fuckin lyrics and the dope-ass beats
The songs will never come soft, because I come off
So don't get in my way cause motherfucker you'll get cut off
And it's somethin you can move your lips to
To wrap around my dick and suck if it fits you
And let me now if you wanna ride the D-I-C-K
All day that's with no play
Cause ain't no rap group out that I know
That make me wanna listen to the radio
All I hear is motherfuckers tryin to make a comeback
With lovesongs, and that shit is wack
And that's why your ass ain't around
Cause you don't have the motherfuckin sound
Of a real nigga
(YEAH MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!)[Intro: MC Ren]
The year is 1991, N.W.A back on the streets yo
Taking out all you commercialized suckers
And we're on this laid back track
And we're doin' this one kinda smooth
So whatcha gonna do, Dre? - Kick it!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
And so on, let the beat flow on
Because I need something to go off on
The one and only D-R-E servin' a death wish
So I'mma hit you like this
Early in the morning, hop into the B-en-z
I got 44 ways of getting paid
Sitting in my lap as I roll off the Compton blocks
To scoop up Ren, I heard shots
1-2-3, then I seen Ren
Hopping the fence and with the .45 inside his hand
He ran to the Benz, got in and said
"Dre, I was speaking to your girl O'Shea"
And as we roll on, I seen the patroller creep
So we got ghost before they peeped
Me and Ren in a black CE, yo
Bumping some funky tracks by the D.O.C
I gotta get paid, paid in a hurry, see
I got a habit if I'm not paid thoroughly
I start takin', makin' sure the money is steady coming
Because I'm always into something

[Interlude: Admiral Dancehall]

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I heard a dope beat, somebody told me to go through it
But if Dre didn't do it I can't flow to it
N.W.A is like a mix of hard time and hard rhymes
In the same lines
You're taking a chance when you think that
Talking under your breath won't lead to young death
Taking a life, ain’t nothing but a killing
For a brother labeled as being a young black villain
But you don't know me, a record can't tell ya
How so many prayed that I be just another failure
Real G's ain't about faking but taking
I hooked up with N.W.A and started making
Funky hyped lyrics for your system
Might sound nice so it makes you wanna listen to a
Sample of a ruthless organization
But you don't want a confrontation
Real G's don't play
Yella, Eazy, me and my homeboy Dre
Yo, always making sure that my beats is steady bumping
Because I'm always into something

[Interlude: Admiral Dancehall]

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Yo, because I'm in it for life
And in the beginning I was stacking
Now everyone wanna jack-in
Watching a softy, punk strong as coffee
A brother like that best to back up off me
Yo, cause these are the days and the times of the real G
You cross me, you getting tossed see
And that's on the real, cause I'm know to get ill
Again and again, so tell them what's up Ren

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
If I'm not into nothing, I don't feel right
So I get my boys and we roll yo, and start some wrecking at night
Because I can never conceive myself from sittin' in a cell
Where the crime was too tragic I couldn't make bail
So now they gotta hold me
And listen to rehabilitation over and over, sayin' they told me
But I don't really care, cause I know my music is bumping
Now Ren is always into something[MC Ren:]
Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage
So whenever I'm steppin cover your head like an ostrich
Groupies been waitin for this, suckers been hatin for this
You know why ? Because so many are relatin to this
Jealous is how they feel it intentionally
But they start to love it becoz I made it eventually
Pumpin the music I keep the music like pumpin
Coz Ren ain't in here for nuthin, I keep the average crowd jumpin
Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black
Always down to make noise, and attack
So you better get back unless you wanna come with it
And make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it
You're screamin with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin
You're wakin up in a sweat coz Ren is givin bad dreams and
I'm not schemin, I'm just tellin the facts
That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack
So brothers that wanna scr*p with me
That sweezin and sneezin will have to lap with me
Especially beggin to write some lyrics with me
I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me
Coz when it comes to Ren there's no comparison
And if you try to be me, it's quite embarassin
But I understand coz you're mentally slow
Coz I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go
If it ain't' ruff it ain't me (scratch)
[Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack]
If it ain't ruff it ain't me (scratch)
Lemme bust a freestyle here [Allright then]
I can tell that you're afraid to fight me
Simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me
Becoz you're sweat as a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat
I'm a threath, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck
And clean the dirt off your face that calls acne
It's ridiculous thinkin that you can jack me
This is the round where the punch will go
Until ya A G-A-T that's known as a flow
I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin
Like, see, I'm hatin the fakin I keep the suckers like shakin
Scared to speak with a tongue and they're chozen
The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen
This is a battle to the death, it's like the [?? same ol' ??]
Against a brother on a tip, with [??]
Givin a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin
But I'm comparin and tearin'em but I'm makin a livin
With the hype of a 9 Volt battery
And the odds for me to conquer is averagely good
Meanin I'm a flow
I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go
If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren]
[Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack]
If it ain't ruff it ain't me
[Man whatcha gonna do now ?] [get funky]
The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect
While I'm thinkin of a fool to select
To give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim
Slammin my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them
Tell'em they're guilty, and beep out the bailer
And get a new track o' drums so I can play with
Percussion; pumpin it loud when I perform
Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform
It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by
Hey, coz when it comes to cheatin yo you should know I
For fear in the hearts coz it's the hearts full of fear
Coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear
The hump was incredible yo but Ren he was super
But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper
But a soldier with a top rankin
Givin dope material, the hell with the gankin
So play like an airplane and just jet
And keep your blood pressure low coz I'm a [??], if not
I'm afraid of the show
That you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go
If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren]
[The gangsta's black and he's about to attack]
If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren]
[The gangsta's black] If it ain't ... If it ain't
(scratching)Artist: N.W.A
Title: Sa Prize (Part 2)
Album: 100 Miles And Runnin'
Year: 1990
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intro  1
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lyrics:

Chorus:

Fuck the police! Fuck fuck fuck the police!
[Fuck them motherfuckers!]
Fuck fuck fuck the police!
[Get paid back] You're motherfucking right yo

Verse One: Dr. Dre

Fuck the motherfucking police!
They don't want peace they want a nigga deceased
So he'll cease to be a problem and by the way the perform
It seems the Klan gave the white police another uniform
And yo the black police, the house niggas
They gave you a motherfucking gun, so I guess you figure
You made out, good to go, but you didn't know
They would stick your black ass back in the ghetto, yo
To kill another nigga, catch him with crack, in fact
Freebase - they put in the neighborhood in the first place
But the brothers ain't stupid, remember that
You got a gat, I got a gat, so whassup with that
A to the motherfuckin K
The last words you hear, then the smoke appears
Tears, from your motherfuckin family
They're starin at me, but I'm goin gun happy, fuck em!
Shootin everything in sight tonight's the night to get hyped
And fight for what's wrong, fuck what's right!
And by the way, my name is Dre
So listen up motherfucker to what I gotta say, yo
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTRO 2
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chorus:

Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police
Fuck
Fuck, fuck, fuck the police
[Now for the first episode]

Verse Two: Eazy-E

Eazy E's the name feared by most
When, a lil nigga is thrown in the pen
But on the streets there's two kinds of people
White rich fucks and the ones who get harassed like me
Pull over to the side, routine for me
Tearin up my shit, like they lookin for a key of cocaine
But they never find the shit
Ain't got nuttin better to do and nobody else to fuck wit
Thinkin everything is stolen
But can't face facts that a young black nigga's just rollin
Making more money than they ever make
Taking more shit than they ever take
Yo pigs are made to kill, and no regret and
Keep your hand on your weapon shoot his ass and start steppin
Cause I'm a nigga that don't give a fuck about nothin
So let me explain a lil somethin, yo
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTRO 3
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
See, I got this problem, a big problem...
Cops don't like me, so I don't like motherfucking cops

Chorus:

Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police
Fuck
Fuck, fuck, fuck the police
[Fuck the police!]

Police brutality is common in my neighborhood
That's why I hate them motherfuckers

Verse Three: MC Ren

I said fuck the police but with a little more force
And maybe now I get my point across
It's a lot here that's goin on, just open your eyes and look
Everyday a young nigga is took
Off the face of the street by a police
It's like they gotta a nigga chained on a short leash
You can't leave out the city that they shacked up
Cause if you do that's the right they got you jacked up
It's embarassin because you know they justice, but all you can do
Is say fuck this, because if you move, that's all she wrote
So what? The excuse to shoot, or they rather stomp your head
Til you're dead with the steel toe boot
Harassin me with some kind of mind game
Actin like a nigga just was born with a gang-name
You call that right but when you're black there's no right
Some recreational shit was only a gang fight
So shootin at the cops was a street thing
To waste time have to explain don't do cocaine
But everything was done just for peace
To retaliate, on the fuckin police, so I'm sayin

Chorus:

Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police!
Fuck
Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck the police!Verse 1: (Backy Boo Boo)
Oh no here we go again. I am the man who is always there for you. Boy you know I am the one who makes the best lyrics because I can do so. My rap still is so ill and my gf is on the pill. Oh no wait who said that? I wanted to make a chocolate cake but you know that it is hard to make. YEAH HAHA YOU KNOW WHO IT IS

Chorus:
Rap to the left. But im on the right. I want to go for a ride in my car
But I have no money for gas. So here we go again. HAHA YEAH BOY!

Verse 2: (Timmy Bear)
Oh yeah you know who I am. Timmy Bear on the track and Im eating a donut and cheese pie. Rapping because I am the man who made this song. Oh no Timmy Bear you didn't just say that because I might have to hit you for that because I am the gods true brother. I am the one who made this song and you we gon sing this all night till the morning and then maybe tomorrow. So. YEAH HAHA YOU KNOW WHO IT IS

Chorus:
Rap to the left. But im on the right. I want to go for a ride in my car
But I have no money for gas. So here we go again. HAHA YEAH BOY!

Bridge:
Oh no my boy is here for the true dogs on this track im gonna make it baby. I love how I am so dope when I want to top the rest. Woo woo woo woo like a bird in the sky. So here we go again

Chorus: x4
Rap to the left. But im on the right. I want to go for a ride in my car
But I have no money for gas. So here we go again. HAHA YEAH BOY!

And you know how we bake the carIce Cube, do you think you could give me some money
To get my hair done?
How short's your hair right now?
Well you know I get it done every week
And I need my nails done too
Look, I'ma tell you like this
I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt
See I'm from the street, so I know what's up
On these silly games that's played by the women
I'm only happy when I'm goin' up in 'em
But you know, I'm a menace to society
But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me
So I step to 'em, with aggression
Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today
See they think we narrow minded
'Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded
So I walk over and say, "How ya doin'?"
See I'm only down for screwin', but you know
Ya gotta play it off cool
'Cause if they catch you slippin', you'll get schooled
Now they'll get you for your money, son
Next thing you know you're gettin' their hair and they nails done
Fool, and they'll let you show 'em off
But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough
Or a headache, it's all give and no take
Run out of money, and watch your heart break
They'll drop you like a bad habit
'Cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it
Messin' with me though, they gets none
You can't juice Ice Cube girl, 'cause I ain't the one
Girl, you got to get these brothers for all the money you can honey
'Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't do nothin' for me
But get out of my face
I know what you mean girl, it ain't nothin' right jumpin' off
Unless he got dollars
Sometimes I used to wonder
How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number
He's gettin' juiced for his ducats
I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket
And won't think nuttin' of it
She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it
I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say
I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A
'Cause I'm gamin' on a female that's gamin' on me
You know I spell girl with a B
A brother like me is only out for one thing
I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no
Flowers to your doorstep, when we goin' out
'Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt
And after the date, I'ma want to do the wild thing
You want lobster huh? I'm thinking Burger King
And when I take you, you get frustrated
You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it
But you see, I don't go nuts
Over girls like you with the BIG ol' butts
It start comin out the pocket, to knock it
But when the damage is done
You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl
For the simple fact that, I ain't the one
I don't care how they look if they got money
We can hook up but they ain't gettin' none
Yeah, I just make 'em think they gonna get some
Play up they mind a lil' bit, and get that money
Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money please
Give you money why bother
Cause you know I'm lookin' nothin' like your father
Girl, I can't be played or ganked
Ganked means getting took for your bank
Or your gold or your money or something
Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing
They get mad when I put it in perspective
But let's see if my knowledge is effective
To the brothas man they robbing you blind
'Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind
Keep your money to yourself homie and if you got enough game
You'll get her name and her number without going under
You can't leave 'em and love 'em and stay above 'em
I used to get no play now she stay behind me
'Cause I said I had a Benz 190 but I lied and played the one
Just to get some now she feels dumb to my homies it's funny
But that's what you get trying to play me for my money
Now don't you feel used
But I don't give hoot, huh, because I knock boots
You shouldn't be, so damn material
And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal
Now how many times do I have to say it
'Cause if I have to go get a gun, you girls will learn I don't burn
You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one
But you said, you love me
I don't see no rings on this finger
Why you doin' me like this? I love you
Yeah, you love my money, I got what I wanted, beat it[Intro]
*Phone rings*
Sgt. Kickass: Police Department, Sgt. Kickass speaking
The D.O.C.: Yeah, uh, Kickass, hey it's me again
Sgt. Kickass: Hold on... hold on a fuckin' minute!
*door opens, then closes*
Sgt. Kickass: What the fuck is your problem? I told you not to call me here! This better be some good shit
The D.O.C.: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got a big one, it's going down tonight. B-B-B-But it's gonna cost you two thousand
Sgt. Kickass: Wha, you cluckerin' motherfu--
The D.O.C.: Listen if you wanna make the deal, you fat motherfucker! It's at 477 Savona Way, 4 A.M.! And don't fuck me!
*phone hangs up*
[Police 1]
Hey I don't feel good about this one man
[Police 2]
Hey we been fuckin' doin' this for 10 years and we haven't been caught yet
[Police 1]
Yeah I just don't know about this one
[Police 2]
Hey just shut the fuck up and pass me a donut

*phone rings*
[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, what's happening?
[D.O.C]
Hey what's up Dre?
[Dr. Dre]
Ayo Doc, what's happenin' man, you hook that shit up with 5-0?
[D.O.C]
Oh I hooked that shit up man, this shit's jumpin' off tonight
It oughta be happenin' at 4 in the morning
[Dr. Dre]
Ah alright, we got somethin' for their ass
[Police 1]
Quiet... quiet... Sgt. said this was gonna be pretty easy
[Police 2]
Yeah, but never underestimate those fucking niggers
[Police 1]
Alright are you ready?
[Police 2]
Yeah, I'm as ready as I'll ever be
[Police 1]
Alright, on 3
1... 2... 3!
*door busts open*
[Both Police 1 and 2]
FREEZE MOTHERFUCKERS!
[Eazy-E]
Shoot that motherfucker!
[Dr. Dre]
That's mothafuckin' police
Punk mothafunka

SA PRIZE NIGGAZ!

[Hook]
Fuck the police! Fuck, fuck, fuck the police!
[Fuck them motherfuckers!]
Fuck, fuck, fuck the police!
[The big payback] You're motherfucking right, yo

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Fuck the motherfucking police!
They don't want peace, they want a nigga deceased
So he'll cease to be a problem, and by the way the perform
It seems the Klan gave the white police another uniform
And yo the black police, the house niggas
They gave you a motherfucking gun, so I guess you figure
You made out, good to go, but you didn't know
They would stick your black ass back in the ghetto, yo
To kill another nigga, catch him with crack, in fact
Freebase - they put in the neighborhood in the first place
But the brothers ain't stupid, remember that
You got a gat, I got a gat, so whassup with that
A to the motherfuckin K
The last words you hear, then the smoke appears
Tears, from your motherfuckin family
They're starin at me, but I'm goin gun happy, fuck 'em!
Shootin everything in sight tonight's the night to get hyped
And fight for what's wrong, fuck what's right!
And by the way, my name is Dre
So listen up motherfucker to what I gotta say, yo

[Hook]

(Now for the first episode)

Yeah that shit's hittin man, where the volume at?
Hold-up, hold-up, hold-up, one-time, one-time, one-time
Put the joint out! Put the joint out!
Hey you motherfuckers want to step out of the car?
Don't you know it's against the law to play music so god damn loud?
Shut the fuck up! Go to jail? Or gimme that shit you was just smoking

Motherfuckers from high crime areas view the police as a threat
And that's some shit you betta not forget

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
Eazy E's the name feared by most
When, a lil nigga is thrown in the pen
But on the streets there's two kinds of people
White rich fucks and the ones who get harassed like me
Pull over to the side, routine for me
Tearin' up my shit, like they lookin for a key of cocaine
But they never find the shit
Ain't got nuttin better to do and nobody else to fuck wit
Thinkin' everything is stolen
But can't face facts that a young black nigga's just rollin
Making more money than they ever make
Taking more shit than they ever take
Yo pigs are made to kill, and no regret and
Keep your hand on your weapon shoot his ass and start steppin
Cause I'm a nigga that don't give a fuck about nothin
So let me explain a lil somethin, yo

See, I got this problem, a big problem...
Cops don't like me, so I don't like motherfucking cops

[Hook]

Episode Two:
Get out of the fuckin car!
Wait a god damn minute what the hell did I do?
Hey just shut the fuck up black bitch
Wait a minute, you ain't gotta be pullin me by my motherfuckin hair! Let
Go of my motherfuckin hair!
Hey just step the fuck back and shut up!
Get your motherfuckin' hands off of me!
Calm down, calm down now... listen, we're gonna go around this corner, and
You're gonna suck me and my partner's dicks, or you're gonna
Be one black dead nigga bitch

[The D.O.C.]
Police brutality is common in my neighborhood
That's why I hate them motherfuckers

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
I said fuck the police but with a little more force
And maybe now I get my point across
It's a massacre goin on, just open your eyes and look
Everyday a young nigga is took
Off the face of the street by a police
It's like they gotta a nigga chained on a short leash
You can't leave out the city that they shacked up
Cause if you do that's the right they got you jacked up
It's embarassin because you know they justice, but all you can do
Is say fuck this, because if you move, that's all she wrote
So what? The excuse to shoot, or they rather stomp your head
Til you're dead with the steel-toe boot
Harassin me with some kind of mind game
Actin like a nigga just was born with a gang-name
You call that right but when you're black there's no right
Some recreational shit was only a gang fight
So shootin at the cops was a street thing
To waste time as we slanged off the cocaine
But everything was done just for peace
To retaliate, on the fuckin police, so I'm sayin

[Hook]

(The final episode)

Episode Three:
Hey Juan, look at the piece of ass man
Watch out watch out watch out homes!
Oh shit man you fucked up, you hit a police car
I didn't see that piece of caca!
Better act like you don't speak ingles homes
What the fuck? Get your ass out of there, I've had enough
Of your raggedy ass motherfucking shit!
Oh man no me pegues! por que me pegas? No! por favor no! No! Por que?

[Hook x2]

Chinga tu pinche madre, pinche policias weys, pendejos, salvajes, culeros…[Intro: Dr. Dre]
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Straight outta Compton!
Crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed-off
Squeeze the trigger and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off your ass, that's how I'm going out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showing out
Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix 'em and cook 'em in a pot, like gumbo
Going off on the motherfucker like that
With a gat that's pointed at your ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep y'all dancin'
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act a motherfucking fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking niggas out the box, daily
Yo, weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
‘Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin'
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)

[Interlude: Eazy E (MC Ren)]
Yo, Ren! (Whassup?)
Tell 'em where you from!

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker, and you know this
But the pussy-ass niggas won't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking or craps
Just like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when I'm legally armed it's called packing
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece of pussy and go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'ma call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me, slut, you're not opposed to
A crazy motherfucker from the street
Attitude legit, ‘cause I'm tearing up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static
Not the right hand, ‘cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull an AK off the shelf
The security is maximum, and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren, but I'm raw
See, ‘cause I'm the motherfucking villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin'
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)
(Straight outta Compton)

[Interlude: Dr. Dre]
Eazy is his name, and the boy is coming…

[Verse 3: Eazy E]
Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfucking cop, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing a nigga driving
But don't know where the fuck he's going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they'll never seize me
Ruthless, never seen, like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see a spark and jump over hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Feel a little gust of wind and I'm jetting
But leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker
This is an autobiography of the E
And if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton
(Compton Compton Compton)
(Straight outta Compton)

[Outro]
Damn, that shit was dope![Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Fuck the police! Comin' straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad ‘cause I'm brown
And not the other color, so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, ‘cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on, and thrown in jail
We can go toe-to-toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin' with me ‘cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigga is sellin' narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swoll off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun, they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
‘Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just ‘cause I'm from the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me
Huh, a young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in L.A
Yo, Dre, I got something to say

[Hook]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 1: Cop, MC Ren, & Dr. Dre]
Pull your goddamn ass over right now!
Aww shit, now, what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
‘Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up!
Man, fuck this shit!
A'ight, smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Fuck the police! And Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang is with whoever I'm steppin'
And the motherfuckin' weapon is kept in
A stash box, for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga, so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives them a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you, punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, and I'ma fuck you up!
Make you think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke them now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfuckin' villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
(Gunshot sounds)
Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say…

[Hook]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 2: Cop, Eazy-E, and Dr. Dre]
(Knocking sounds)
Yeah, man, what you need?
Police, open out!
Aww, shit
We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands right where I can see 'em!
(Move, motherfucker, move now!)
What the fuck did I do, man? What did I do?
Just shut the fuck up
And get your motherfucking ass on the floor!
(You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
But I didn't do shit
Man, just shut the fuck up!
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

[Verse 3: Eazy-E & MC Ren]
I'm tired of the motherfuckin' jackin'
Sweating my gang, while I'm chillin' in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe ‘cause I blast
On a stupid ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
‘Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
‘Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do you got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me, or another nigga
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool!)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin', keep lookin' in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin' off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing, this is what I'll say

[Hook]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!

[Skit 3: Dr. Dre, Cop]
The verdict:
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck
White bread, chickenshit motherfucker
Wait, that's a lie! That's a goddamn lie!
Get him out of here!
I want justice!
Get him the fuck out my face!
I want justice!
Out, right now!
Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!

[Hook]
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police!
Fuck tha police![Narrator]
Let's describe a certain female
A female with a disease of character and attitude
If you will a snob
However in the view of NWA...

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch)
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear that's why
When you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die
Ice Cube coming at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

[Bitch]
Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker
I don't know who the fuck you think you talking to
Let me tell you one motherfucking thing, I'm not no-
"Bitch, shut the fuck up"

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy, she's rather conniving
Yo bitch, fuck what I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're through without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch I guess
Or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Grade today of B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true (she know it)
But a nigga like me'll say "fuck you"
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (word) (slam her ass)
'Cause a bitch is a bitch

[Bitch/Ice Cube]
"Why I gotta be a bitch?"
I ain't call you no bitch, if you listen to the goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is...
"Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no motherfucking bitch"
I didn't say you was a bitch, if you stop acting like a goddamn bitch
"Fuck you, little punk-ass little nigga"
Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
"Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?"
Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! You scandalous-ass, doo-doo dog breath, stinking, ugly...

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
I once knew a bitch who got slapped
'Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back (yeah?)
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me (look, bitch)
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you the kind that won't blink
'Cause you don't think your shit stink
Lucky I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'd down your ass
Then I'd clown your ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!" (word)
Now what can I do with a ho like you
Bend your ass over and then I'm through (get the fuck out)
'Cause you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit
(Why?) 'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

[Narrator]
There you have it, the description of a bitch
Now ask yourself are they talking about you?
Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are

Bitch![Intro: Dr. Dre + Laylaw]
Yo, what’s up niggas and niggettes?
N.W.A is back in this motherfucker
And this is only the single
Wait until the motherfucking album comes out
We gone have some more of that good shit
The shit you just can’t fuck with
But yo, we ain’t finished, tell ‘em what’s up man
Yo man, there’s a gang of motherfuckers out there on the dick, man
In every motherfuckin' state
Wanna be like, wanna look like, wanna act like
Wanna dress like, wanna sound like muthafuckin' style stealin'
Clone ass N.W.A bitin' ass motherfuckin' everywhere man
Non-reality seein', non-reality feelin'
Non-reality livin' ass motherfuckers man
Hey, I don’t know, reality, it’s important to me, man
So fellas man, tell these niggas what it’s like in the minds of real niggas

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Prisoner like a hostage
Yo, you should of covered your muthafucking head like an ostrich
Deep in the dirt cause you's a sucker
And you ass up high so I can kick the muthafucker
Don’t try to hang, you best avoid
Cause my foot will be so far up your ass you’ll get hemorrhoids
Before you try to fuck wit Ren
I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting a size 10

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve
Step up and get what you deserve
From the word of a muthafucking hip-hop maniac
Brainiac, so what you oughta do is step the fuck back
Now how the fuck you think a rap will last?
Wit your ass saying shit that is said in the past
Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy
Get off the dick you muthafucking carbon copy

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Falling deep in the drums so many of styles
Is one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles
Cheating and now beating, the crowd I kept seating
But weak muthafuckas biting off and they kept eating
Styles that kept them full of bull
Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full
They got the nerve to cuss
Only reason niggas pick up your record is cause they thought it was us

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do
You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you
You can't harm me, alarm me
Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army
The niggas wit attitudes if you didn't know
We blow, flow and getting loose slow from the get go, yo
Try us and take it
Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in

[Hook]
It's the real thing, you are now real, real niggas, niggas

[Verse 5: MC Ren]
You can run, but you can’t hide, you know I'mma find'cha
Cause a nigga like Ren's only 2 steps behind'cha
Don’t look back because you’re shaking and all scared
A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare
So sleep wit the lights on, forget that the mic's on
Don't step on my muthafucking stage without nike's on
Don’t say it’s psycho and then you just might go
Mentally fucked up when I let the right blow

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre]
All these niggas wit the jibber jabber
But couldn't kill a fly wit a muthafucking sledge hammer
Gangstas in black are out there
But only because, yo, it’s the shit that we wear
On my muthafucking dick
But I'mma love it when you drop like a muthafucking brick
So, yo, step off, go to bed, cause if you're mislead
You get a muthafucking bullet in your forehead

[Verse 7: Eazy-E +  MC Ren ]
Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see
A little streetwise nigga, you know me
Rolling wit some real niggas playing for keeps
But you muthafuckas know who run the streets
Wit that hardcore hip-hop rap shit
Now how much harder can another nigga get?
Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust
So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please
Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees
Cause I'm a muthafucka that's out to kill
Eazy-E, a nigga that's real

[Interlude: DJ Yella]
Real niggas, straight off the streets of Compton
Quick to get in your shit without second thought
And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught
So if you're talking shit about the niggas in black
Bow down to the Kings in Raider hats

[Verse 8: MC Ren]
They played out, that's what niggas were chanting
One nigga left and they said we ain't happening
People had thought we was finished and then done wit
But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit
Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears
And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas
And when the new record comes, I’ll come like a fucking bomb
Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb
You're on the dicks of four niggas not one
And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one
So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up
Cause if I let you slide, it’s just cause you lucked up
Don’t come in my face again, because I'mma floor ya
And if you're a bitch, I'm a fucking ignore ya
Because my attitude's a little bigga
Cause MC Ren is one of the real niggas

[Verse 9: Dr. Dre]
Lost in a muthafucking world of madness
Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that glad there's
Sucka muthafuckas like you, making wack jams
Because it only shows you how dope I am
Never try to ignore us
When I'm expressing, stand still like you're full of rigor mortis
Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger
Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that’s smart
A nigga that’s paid to say what others are scared to play
We started out wit too much cargo
So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold
Yo, N.W.A, criticize for what we say
But I'm a do the shit anyway
Cause I'm the muthafucking doctor, never faking
Yo, Yella, kick the muthafucking break in

[Outro: MC Ren]
N.W.A, straight outta muthafucking Compton
Taking over shit in all of the 1990's
Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E
And I am MC Ren, yo, N.W.A taking over this muthafucka y'all[Fat girl!]
[You're a fat girl]
[Fat...fat...fat fat fat fat girl] (repeat 2X)

(It's funky fresh Eazy E) new kid on tha block
And already got a fat girl on my jock
Now my story's kinda simple, so please change the tempo
As I tell you a tale bout this big fat pimple
I was chillin' on the ave, drinkin' some brew
Saw a fatty comin' my way, so what was I to do?
I busted a U, went tha other way again
But forgot that tha avenue was a dead end
I turned around, here she came, stride for stride
Funky fat like that, bout two thirty-five
Stampede was rushin, I double looked
And she had more chins than a chinese phonebook
Five four three ugly as can be, she said

[Ron-de-vu]
Hello Eazy E! Do you remember me? (I said no)
Huhu yes you do suga
My name is Bertha but you can call me booga
Remember the time when you were drunk at a party
We was slow dancin, give ya all this body

[Eazy-E]
When she said that she loved it, I was in shock
Oh my God got a fat girl on my jock

[Hook:]
[I got a fat girl on my jock] [Fat girl] [Got a fat girl on my jock]

She gave me tha grin, I showed tha frown
And with a bear hug picked me off tha ground
Squeezin' me tight, attempted to bug me
Grabbed me by tha rear, said [Love me, hug me!]
I was hell, victim of a scandal
Coz this girl's too much for E to handle
Broke tha beast grip, started to run
Back to tha crib, grabbed tha elephant gun
She's grubbin', thighs rubbin' in a hot pursuit
I loaded up tha gun bout ready to shoot
She kept on comin' because of addiction
Legs on fire because of friction
My gun broke
I was doomed
Dropped tha double barrel, grabbed tha harpoon
As I swung, tha fat girl fell
Lyin' on tha ave just like a beached whale
That's tha story, it's quite ill
And all fat girls y'all besta chill
All overweight freaks stay off my block
Cause it's ill to have a fat girl on your jock

[Hook][Opening dialogue]
Why you brothers insist on usin' the word nigga?
Don't you know that's bringin' down the black race?
Nigga nigga nigga that's all I hear you motherfuckers talk about is nigga
You can do what you want, just keep it out of my neighborhood
Personally I think the lyrics are a bit too harsh
I ain't no nigga, fuck that shit
Does everything come out your mouth got to be a 4-letter word?
All over this bullshit, it's just a bunch of fuckin' noise
The way you talk about women is bullshit, plain bullshit
What you motherfuckers doin' for the black community anyway?
Motherfucker I got kids, I don't want 'em listenin' to that bullshit
{*hospital monitor starts beeping*}
Fuck the niggas!
Motherfuckers need to stop
How can you call yourself a nigga and be proud of it?
{*monitor stops beeping - R.I.P.*}
[Orderly] Flatline
[Dr. Dre] Bullshit!

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Well it's because motherfuckers wanna blast me
And run me outta my neighborhood
And label me as a dope dealer yo, and say that I'm no good
But I gave out jobs so niggas wouldn't have to go out
Gave em some dope and a corner so they could show out
When the cops came, they gave a fake name
Because the life in the streets is just a head game
So therefore, to make more
A 15-year-old black kid'll go and rob a liquor store
And get shot in the process
He ate up a nine bullet and now he's put to rest

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
I guess it's just the way shit has to be
Back when I was young gettin' a job was murder
Fuck flippin' burgers, cause I deserve a
Nine-to-five I can be proud of, that I can speak loud of
And to help a nigga get out of
Yo! The concrete playground
But most motherfuckers only want you to stay down
But I'm a smart motherfucker you see
One of the best producers in the rap music industry
Gettin' paid like a motherfucker
A young brother, who don't give a fuck about another
Yeah

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Because police always wanna harass me
Every time that I'm rollin
They swear up and down that the car was stolen
Make me get face down in the street
And throw the shit out my car on the concrete
In front of a residence
A million white motherfuckers on my back like I shot the President

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Because my mouth is so motherfuckin' nasty
Bitch this, bitch that, nigga this, nigga that
In the mean while my pockets are gettin' fat
Gettin' paid to say this shit here
Makin' more in a week than a doctor makes in a year
So why not call myself a nigga?
It's better than pullin' the trigger and goin' up the river
And then I get called a nigga anyway
Broke as a motherfucker and locked away, so
So cut out all that bullshit
Yo! I guess I'll be a nigga for life

("Niggas, crackers, jews!"
"If there's hell below, we're all gonna go!")

[Verse 5: Eazy-E]
Nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga, please
I'm treated like a fuckin' disease
You say - why do I call myself a nigga so quick?
Cause I can reach in my drawers and pull out a bigger dick, yo
Nigga say nigga we cool but
Cracker say nigga, nigga knocked the fuck up
But I gotta be a fast nigga, to never be the last nigga
Or I'll have to beat yo' ass, nigga
In the city you see action first
Then hear about it later in a verse I curse
Because I'm real with this to keep my shit straight bumpin
Murder, created by the streets of Compton
Now get it from the underground poet
I live it, I see it, and I write it because I know it
And if you think I'm fuckin' your wife
You're motherfuckin' right yo, cause I'm a nigga for life

[Bridge]
I love niggas, I love niggas, I love niggas
Because niggas are me
And I should only love that which is me
I love that you niggas ("niggas for life")

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre]
Nigga this, nigga that
The actual fact is that I'm black and bound to attract
The attention of another, I mean the other
But I'm a motherfucker that'll have 'em runnin' for cover
You see, I don't give a fuck about nothin'
Except gettin' paid, gettin' bitches, and issuin' stitches
Which is, all needed to read it and find a rhyme
And then it's time to say, the nigga's here to stay
But what about the fake niggas, the house niggas
To get paid quick they gotta suck a fat dick
But N.W.A. is outta your motherfuckin' range
We ain't gonna change a motherfuckin' thang!

[Verse 7: MC Ren]
I call myself a nigga cause my skin won't lighten
I call myself a nigga cause the shit that I'm writin
Hypes me, hypes other motherfuckers around me
And that's the reason why they wanna surround me
And ask me - why do I call myself a negro?
Ain't none of their fuckin' business cause I'll let the trigger go
So get out my presence and get out of my sight
Cause MC Ren is a nigga for life

[Final dialogue]
You're a nigga 'til you die
If you're a po' nigga, you're a po' nigga
If you're a rich nigga, you're a rich nigga
But you never stop bein' a nigga
And if you get to be educated you just an educated nigga
("I can dig it!")

[N.W.A.]
It's plain to see, you can't change me
Cause I'mma be a nigga for life

{*static noise*}

[Eazy-E (singing a jingle)]
I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggas
Wouldn't you like to be a nigga too?One, two, three, kick it

[Intro: The D.O.C.]
Aiyyo Dre, what's goin on man? What's goin on?
Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record?
Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!

[Verse 1: The D.O.C.]
Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm getting candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro
On the mic is the D.O. to the C., this is an intro
I know The D.O.C. makes you want to take a Valium
So buy a bucket cause upcoming is my album
And for the record, meaning my record, check it
Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
Of the Dr. Dre played with N.W.A
Yella's on the drum roll, rocking the beat
Aiyyo Dre, where's you gonna take this shit man?

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!)
Let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessing
Cause I don't give a fuck about radio play
Observe the English I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listening to something so motherfucking HARD
Dope, pumping that's so my shit will never falter
Yo it's Dre so fuck the "Mind of Minolta"
Psycho like no other motherfucker
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O
But be warned, never will I leave like a regular
Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earning money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full, of clocking the lame getting pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid)
Nah that's bullshit! They like it stylistic
And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashing when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion
Pure simplicity -- see, it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys
Parental discretion is advised

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous
Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe the motherfuckers will learn
I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal
I'm engineering the shit that you're hearing
Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steering
Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it
Rushing to the eject, to put my shit in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I'm not giving a fuck while I'm damaging ya
It's for the record; so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'd win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised

[Verse 4: Ice Cube]
I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
Cause if you fail to see, read it in Braille
It'll still be funky -- so what's next is the flex
Of a genius, my rapid-stutter-stepping if you seen this
Dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if Play made a greater high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guess it was a test of a different style
It's just another motherfucker on the pile
Driving your ass with the flow of the tongue
You hung yourself shortly after knowledge was brung
To your attention, by the hardest motherfucking artist
That is known for lynching any sucker in a minute
Stagger 'em all
When I start flowing like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad; and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must

[Verse 5: Eazy-E]
Little did they know that I would be arriving
And it's surprising, rocking it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made
In the trade where funky ass records are being played
Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the
Bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick
So I get 'em hot, thinking they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbing their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't shit
When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick
Of the Eaz, if you can deal with the size
But if you can't, parental discretion's advised!

[Outro]
Shut the fuck up![Intro]
Die nigga! We are born to die nigga
You've been dyin for 400 years
Niggas know how to die
Niggas don't know nothin else, but dying
Niggas dream about dying

[Bridge: MC Ren]
I'm a motherfuckin nigga  (with an attitude)
I'm a motherfuckin nigga  (with an attitude)
I'm a motherfuckin nigga  (with an attitude)
I'm a motherfuckin nigga  (with an attitude)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I got a case, of spittin in a motherfucker's face
So me and my ace, we got a taste
Of a motherfucker's billy club, he took his gun and
Put it to my head and said, "Nigga start runnin"
So tell me what's the next episode?
Is he crazy, does he want to chase me or waste me?
I thought, "Run nigga run", but I caught myself
Because my secondary thought was death
I've got head and heart real, but still a motherfucker said
"I want another black motherfucker dead
Niggas ain't good for shit to me"
Cause it's a race for second class, so get your ass
Up against the wall bitch, and then he tried
To jump me but the punk became a victim of a walkby
Fuckin with Dre, you get a foot up in your asshole
It's just another way to let you know
Nigga send them, nigga send them, nigga send them
Punk can't fuck with me - Real motherfucking G
Straight from the streets of the CPT
Telling you why, real niggas don't die

[Hook]
"I-iiiiiii, just want to celebrate!"

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Real niggas don't die cause they eventually multiply
The niggas I'm with, they take an eye for an eye
Because the times are so wrong, gotta stay so strong
Niggas gotta keep it goin on and on
And don't let no paleface throw your ass in a snail race
Have your residence occupyin a jail space
That's what they want to do cause the system is fucked around
I try to let you know with the records that's underground
They don't give a fuck about a nigga, they would rather pull the trigger
And have you in front of a barrel smilin sayin "Cheese!"
So nigga get smart and rebel back
I'm not with that black shit so I'm not gonna yell that
All I see is niggas getting harassed
And can't do nothin about it but get a foot in they ass, yo
But if every nigga grabbed a nine
And started shootin motherfuckers it would put 'em in line
And that's how it's supposed to be
When a pussy-ass nigga try to fuck with me
Yo, because it's useless to try
To kill a nigga cause nigga a motherfuckin real nigga don't die!

[Hook]
"I-iiiiiii, just want to celebrate!"

[Interlude]
Die nigga, everywhere you go
Niggas dying, niggas been dyin for 400 years

[Bridge: MC Ren]
I'm a motherfuckin nigga  (with an attitude)

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Only the good die young, so that makes me young and bad
Puttin ass-kickings on the niggas that never had
So I guess that makes me tough shit
Straight up gangsta, wrong nigga to fuck with
So how can a nigga die, when he's causin the bloodshed
By shoot motherfuckers in the head
Tryin to make a nigga extinct because they fear me
But never wanna hear me
So I'mma let 'em know how a nigga's livin
Takin from motherfuckers cause nobody ain't givin
A damn thang! To a nigga, a real nigga
So I'm living by the motherfuckin trigger
Cause a nigga ain't afraid of bein locked up
I'm out of luck, so why should I give a fuck?
But they still want to try
To kill a nigga like me but motherfuckin real niggas don't die!

[Hook]
"I-iiiiiii, just want to celebrate!"

[Outro: MC Ren]
Yeah, a real nigga don't die!
Yeah motherfuckers!
("Die, nigga!")[Eazy-E]
But anyway, fuck all the shit you know
You know cause huh, most people in Compton don't give a fuck. Young niggas gangbangers, same fucking thing with the police. All we do is rap about it. You know, you know, you know, you know cause police is like fucking with people, you know. Niggas stop you, throw you on the ground and shit. You know, put a gun to your head and shit. You know what I'm saying?
You know just fuck with you for no reason. Anyway, huh fuck the police[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Ren is the villain and you're just a hostage
So whenever I'm steppin' cover your head like an ostrich
Groupies been waitin' for this, suckers been hatin for this
You know why?
'Cause so many are relatin' to this
Jealous is how they feelin' intentionally
But they start to love it because I made it eventually
Pumpin' the music, I keep the music like pumpin'
Cause Ren ain't in here for nothin', I keep the average crowd jumpin'
Yo, you know the colour, the villain's in black
Always down to make noise, and attack
So you better get back unless you wanna come with it
And make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it
You're screamin' with fear, but it's with fear that you're screamin'
You're wakin up in a sweat 'cause Ren is givin' bad dreams and
I'm not schemin', I'm just tellin the facts
That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack
So brothers that wanna scrap with me
That sweezin' and sneezin' will have to lap with me
Especially beggin' to write some lyrics with me
I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me
'Cause when it comes to Ren there's no comparison
And if you try to be me, it's quite embarrassin'
But I understand cause you're mentally slow
Cause I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go

[Hook 1]
If it ain't' ruff, it ain't me *scratching noise*
(The gangsta's black and he's about to attack)
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me *scratching noise*
Lemme bust a freestyle then(Alright bet)

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I can tell that you're afraid to fight me
Simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me
Because your sweat is a puddle, but there's a puddle o' sweat
I'm a threat, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck
And clean the dirt off your face that causes acne
It's ridiculous thinkin' that you can jack me
This is the round where the punch will go
Into your H-E-A-D; that's known as a blow
I'm makin a point, but it's a point that I'm makin
Like, see, I'm hatin' the fakin' I keep the suckers like shakin'
Scared to speak with a thought when they're chosen
The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen
This is a battle to the death, it's like the same ol'
Against a brother on a tip, with a Kangol
Givin' a pain, but it's with pain that I'm givin
But I'm comparin' and tearin' em but I'm makin a livin'
With the hype of a nine volt battery
And the odds for me to conquer is averagely
Good, meanin' I'mma flow
I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go

[Hook 2]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
[Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
(Man what'chya gonna do now?) Get funky

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect
While I'm thinkin of a fool to select
To give the victim the verdict, so for the verdict a victim
Slammin' my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them
Tell 'em they're guilty, and peep out the bailer
And get a new track o' drums so I can play with
Percussion, pumpin' it loud when I perform
Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform
It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by
Hey, cause when it comes to cheatin', yo, you should know I
For fear in the hearts cause it's the hearts full of fear
'Cause what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear
The Hulk was incredible, yo, but Ren he was super
But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper
But a soldier with a top rankin
Givin' dope material, the hell with the gankin'
So play like an airplane and just jet
And keep your blood pressure low 'cause I'm a threat, 'cause if not
I'm afraid of the show
That you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go

[Hook 3]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
[The gangsta's black and he's about to attack]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
(The gangsta's black) If it ain't, if it ain't
*scratching noise*[Intro: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Yeah, right about now Compton's in the mothafucking house Yeah do it, do it, do it
N.W.A's in full effect
Hey yo Yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat
Pump it up, pump it up
Yeah, who's in the mothafucking house right now?
Pump that shit up
Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house
Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do?

[Verse 1: MC Ren & Dr. Dre + Eazy-E]
To the people over here
To the people over there
To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, the people, people
From everywhere watching the show
Paying top dolars because they know
When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range
[R] So Dre
[D] What up?
[R] Why don't you get the 12 guage
And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid mothafucka
Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
Programmin' - a beat that's hittin'
And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin'

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Dope - like a pound or a key
So shut the fuck up and listen to me
I make a killin'
I got money to the ceilin' (why's that?)
Cuz I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain
MC Ren - stomping any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Now my name is Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor
Rippin' shit up, oh yeah, and here to rock ya
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the ruthless posse
Fuckin' it up, word up, is what we do
The reputation of the NWA crew
Gettin' busy because we're cold stompin'
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised in Compton

[Verse 4: MC Ren & Dr. Dre]
[R] Speaking of Compton, it's making me sick (why?)
Everybody's talking that crazy shit
[D] Saying they were raised in the CPT (aha)
Just as I was, they try to be like me
[R & D] Popping that shit, get the fuck out my face
Knowing that they never even seen the place
Claiming my city is my city they claim
Muthafucka we're about to put some salt in your game

[Break: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckers running around town Talking about they're from Compton and shit
Trying to get on the bandwagon ..
Yeah Dre, I know what you're saying man
But let's tell them who we're talking about

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre & MC Ren]
What do you call a crew that can rap like that?
[R] Yo N.W.A call them muthafuckers wack
[D] Yeah you know what time it is, listen to why we call them wack
They got a wacky wack record with a wacky wack crew
[R] Yo what about the lyrics?
[D] That shit's wacky wack too
[R] With a fucked up style and a fucked up show
[D] Hey yo Ren, what about the scratching, is it def?
[R] Fuck no!
The mothafucking record is so mothafucking wack
The mothafucking cracka jack needs to step the fuck back

[Break: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
Do you want some of this? Hell no
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats?
My boy, my boy, my boy Ice Cube
Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in the house
Won't you tell 'em what your name is?

[Verse 7: MC Ren]
MC Ren is the mothafucking coroner
I'm getting rid of mothafuckas as if they was a foreigner
Show no grief to pretend when I sin
I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in
This ain't a TKO in the first
But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse
Than a beat from Tyson cause Ren is not nice and
Your ass is better off just rolling a dice and
Finding you a number for luck
Cause you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck
My identity, and the shit is getting shown
Without a video I'm still getting on
I'm at a show then my picture is taken
One click of the flash and punk niggas are breakin'
To the door, tryin' to join my fan club
Lip-syncin' over one of my dubs
The instrumental will scratch for the moment
Until I fuck up the so called opponent
That's standing in the zone of the twilight
Saying how in the fuck did he get mixed up in my fight
It wasn't a mistake, it was a set-up
So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up
And don't attempt to speak
Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit creek
With a nigga like Ren about the hit
Now let me hear you mothafuckas talk some more shit
I'm a bust your ass in your mouth
Yo, unless you're saying, "Compton's in the house"

[Verse 8: Dr. Dre + Eazy-E]
Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off
Bust a move, we can have a shake and bake-off
Me and you can go cause I don't care yo
Rap fight or guerilla warfare
We can rumble, cause when my lungs go in and out
I kick rhymes in a bundle to win a bout
Or scurry or scuffle
I just muffle the opposition, there's no competition
Let them know that Dre is getting stronger
Compton's in the house but now it's some' longer
I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up
You can say uncle and I still won't let up
Cause Dre is the mothafucking doctor
And if me and Ren's on the mic, it's like propaganda no doubt
Boy you should've known by now

[Outro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, it's time to put Compton on the map
Don't ever think you can get it on, you stupid mothafuckas!* a different version than all previous releases

[Intro: DJ Yella]
Every motherfucker always asks: how did N.W.A. get started!!
We don't know how it got started
Fuck that question, you know what I'm saying?
It's the same bullshit over and over
How did we get started?
How did we first meet?

[MC Ren]
Prisoner like a hostage
Yo, you should've covered your motherfucking head like an ostrich
Deep in the dirt cause you was a sucker
And your ass up high so I can kick the motherfucker
Don't try to hang, you best avoid it
Cause my foot will be so far up your ass, you'll get hemrroids
Before you try to fuck with Ren
I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting the size 10

[Dr. Dre]
First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve
Step up and get what you deserve
From the world of the motherfucking Hip-Hop maniac
Brainiac, so what you ought to do is step the fuck back
But how the fuck you think your rap would last?
With your ass saying shit that is said in the past
Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy
Get off the dick, you motherfucking carbon copy

[MC Ren]
Falling deep in the drums for many of styles
Is one of the reasons a nigga ran the hundred miles
Cheating and not beating, the crowd are kept seating
But weak motherfuckers biting off and they kept eating
Styles that kept them full of bull
Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full
And got the nerve to cuss
Only reason niggas pick up your record is cause they thought it was us

[Dr. Dre]
Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do
You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you?
You can't harm me, alarm me
Cause we're the generals in this fucking Hip-Hop army
The niggas with attitudes, if you didn't know
We blow, flow and then move slow from the get Go
Yo, tie us to take it
Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in

[Chorus: Eazy-E]
It's the real thing
You are now   ----] Dr. Dre
Real, real niggas, niggas

[MC Ren]
You can run but you can't hide, you know I'm a find you
Cause a nigga like Ren, is only two steps behind you
Don't look back, because you're shaking and all scared
A nigga in black, can be your scariest nightmare
So sleep with the lights on, forget that the Mic's on
Don't step on my motherfucking stage without Nike's on
Don't say it's psycho, and then you just might go
Mentally fucked up, when I let the right blow

[Dr. Dre]
All these niggas with the gibber gabber
But couldn't kill a fly with a motherfucking sledge hammer
Gangsters in black are out there
But only because, yo, it's the shit that we wear
On my motherfucking dick
But I'ma love it when you drop like a motherfucking brick
So, yo, step off, go to bed, cause if you're mislead
You'll get a motherfucking bullet in your forehead

[Eazy-E]
Black, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see
A little street wise nigga, you know me
Rolling with some real niggas playing for keeps
But you motherfuckers know who run the streets
With that hardcore Hip-Hop rap shit
[MC Ren] Now how much harder can another nigga get?
Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us
[MC Ren] Ashes to ashes and dust to dust
So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please
Since you're on the dick, why don't you drop to your knees?
Cause I'm the motherfucker that's out to kill
Eazy-E, a nigga that's real

(Timed bomb count down*)

[Break: DJ Yella]
Real niggas, straight off the streets of Compton
Quick to get in your shit without a second thought
And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught
So if you're talking shit about the niggas in black (*Explosion*)
Bow down to the King's and Raider hats

[MC Ren]
They played out, that's what niggas were chanting
One nigga left and they said: we ain't happening
People had thought, we was finished and then done wit
But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit
Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears
And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas
And when the new record comes, I'll come like a fucking bump
Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb
You're on the dicks of four niggas not one
And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one
So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up
Because if I let you slide, it's just cause you lucked up
Don't come in my face again, because I'm a floor you
And if you're a bitch, I'ma fucking ignore you
Because my attitude is a little bigger
Cause MC Ren is one of the Real Niggas

[Dr. Dre]
Lost in a motherfucking world of madness
Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that gladdest
Sucking motherfuckers like you, making whack jams
Because it only shows you how dope I am
Never try to ignore us
When I'm expressing, standstill like you're full of Rigor Mortis
Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger
Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that's smart
A nigga that's paid; to say what others are scared to play
We started out with too much cargo
So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold
Yo, N.W.A., criticized for what we say
But I'ma do the shit anyway
Cause I'm the motherfucking doctor, never faking
Yo, Yella, kick the motherfucking break in

[Chorus: Eazy-E]
It's the real thing
You are now   ----] Dr. Dre
Real, real niggas, niggas
Yeah, motherfucker, it's the real thing
You are now   ----] Dr. Dre
Real, real niggas, niggas

[Hook: MC Ren w/ echoes]
N.W.A. - Straight Outta motherfucking Compton
Taking over shit in all of the 1990s
Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E and I am MC Ren
Yo, N.W.A. taking over this motherfucker y'all[Intro: MC Ren]
Ninteen-ninety-mothafucking-one
N.W.A back in this mothafucker, yo
Takin' out all you commercialized-ass niggas
And we're on this laid back track
And we're doin' this one kinda smooth
So whatcha gonna do, Dre? - Kick it!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
And so on, let the shit flow on
Because I need somethin' to go off on
The mothafuckin' D-R-E servin' a death wish
So I'mma hit you like this
Early in the morning, hop into the B-en-z
I got 44 ways of gettin' paid
Sittin' in my lap as I roll off the Compton blocks
To scoop up Ren, I heard shots
1, 2, 3, then I seen a nigga
Hoppin' the fence and it was Ren on the mothafuckin' trigger
He got in the Benz and said
"Dre, I was speakin' to yo' bitch O'Shea”
And as we roll on, I seen the patroller creep
So we got ghost before they peeped
Me and Ren in a black CE, yo
Bumpin' some funky shit by the D.O.C
I gotta get paid, paid in a hurry, see
I got a habit if I'm not paid thoroughly
I start takin', makin' sure my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Interlude: Admiral Dancehall]
Ba-ba-ba-ba! Fuck the mothafuckin' police cause they push that black man down and they kick him in his mothafuckin' balls. Goddamn police, fuck them! Come down, MC Ren

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I heard a dope beat, somebody told me that Buck did it
But if Dre didn't do it I can't fuck with it
N.W.A is like a mix a fix a trix
Real niggas with big dicks
You're takin' a chance when you think that
Talkin' under your breath won't lead to young death
Fuckin' up shit, ain’t shit but a killin'
For a nigga labeled as bein' a mothafuckin' villain
But you don't know me, a record can't tell ya
How so many prayed I'd be a mothafuckin' failure
Real niggas gotta have top rankin'
I hooked up with three more niggas and started makin'
Funky-ass shit for your system
Might sound nice so it makes you wanna listen to a
Sample of a ruthless organization
But you don't want a confrontation
Real niggas don't play
Yella, Eazy, me, and the nigga nigga Dre
Yo, always makin' sure that my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Interlude: Admiral Dancehall]
Boom-boom! Look at that bitch walking down the mothafuckin' street
Now she know the Admiral wanna hold my dick in
Because that bitch’s booty is so na-na-na-na-na-na-nasty

[Bridge: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, the world's most dangerous group
Definitely in this mothafucka
Sendin' a shout-out to all the bitches out there
Yo, you can get the pick up to suck a dick up 'til you hiccup
You know what I'm sayin'

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Yo, cause I'm a nigga for life
And I really don't give a fuck
I'm goin' for mine, every time
I see a fuckin' softy, punk strong as coffee
A nigga like that best to back up off me
Yo, cause these are the days and the times of the real niggas
False niggas, end up as tossed niggas
And that's on the real, cause I'm a nigga that kills
Again and again, so tell 'em what's up Ren

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
If I'm not into nothin', I don't feel right
So I grab the nine and the clip and go and murder mothafuckas at night
Because I'm startin' to fiend, from sittin' in a cell
Where the crime was too tragic I couldn't make bail
So now they gotta hold me
And listen to rehabilitation over and over, sayin' they told me
But I don't give a fuck cuz I know my shit is pumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Outro: Admiral Dancehall]
1991 and N.W.A get the job done
Admiral Dancehall gonna tell a story 'bout a girl that's quick fi lick me dick, it goes something like this....
Da girl quick fi lickin' me dick, da girl quick fi lickin' me dick
Da girl quick fi lickin' me dick, she got a dirty habit
Di gyal fi wicked ah wiley
Gyal fi wicked ah wiley
Wicked ah wicked ah wicked
Ah gyal fi wicked ah wicked
Because the Admiral Dance
I come and announce
My name is Admiral D. y’all
Rastafari had to get up on sound ja
Doctor Dre, a he mon tha masta
MC Ren even him come kinda fasta
Here come Yella wit tha wickedy wickedy wax
Wickedy wickedy wax
W-wickedy wickedy scratch-a
That’s why the Admiral
Me lyrics dem ah taught
Everyone-a
NWA is in tha house
Is in tha house
Is in tha house-a
A listen up cu' we in tha house
Could ya
Up up
Listen up up
Uh, up up
Just listen up up
Because…
Rem? Dance every lady love me
Could ya, every lady come and-a run gets me
Because me singin' on the NWA album
That’s why me singin' up on the NWA album, gal[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I got a taste for waste and a taste and a blood
Murder I heard her when she screamed the "Drop!"
'Cause her son caught the slug
Relate this to no choice
And listen to this straight-up man before they ban the voice
While I rhyme to the rhythm of a pop
Remember the first nigga that runs is the first to get shot
Whoever said that what I say and portray is negativity
Need to come kick it in the city with me
And find the black and crack de fact
And take that shit back
'Cause they don't wanna fuck with that
There's too many niggas they're tryin' to calm
If mothafuckaz could get it, nobody would've fuck with it
Appetite for destruction
For him to get a bit more shit he gotta commit
Murder in the first degree and manslaughter
Takin' the life of his wife and young daughter
A whole city of bitches that look sucked up
And the niggas is killin', it's straight fucked up
Whoever sayin' what I'm sayin is for greed
Then I ain't even what they're tryin' to feed
My appetite for destruction

"You guys know who I'm talkin' to"

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
The appetite is tremendous, so I'm gonna spin this
Drop up some violence because they ask me to end this
Some trouble that I cought 'cause I was noisy
A nigga tried to take advantage because of the kamikaze
He took a swing for my head, thought I was faded
Start runnin' for the door but the fucker never made it
The sound of the 9 went bang
And all over the wall was his mothafuckin' brain
'Cause I'm a nigga you can't sleep on
So set the alarm, 'cause I hit like a mothafuckin' bomb
I do damage with the 9 in my hand
But the average nigga that don’t know me don’t understand
I'm from the streets, so therefore
You know I don't care for a sucker that ain't down
With the real niggas, the niggas, the niggas
Yo, and after when the shit gotta go ain't even sober
Any time that the 9 wanna leave
I got a .38 hidden up the sleeve
And it's ready to go to war 'cause that's what it's here for
I shoot down a million niggas and shoot one more
And that's the million and one, they couldn't hang with the appetite, 'cause they wasn't rappin' right
So I had to destroy whoever was standin' in my presence
For fuckin' up the essence – appetite for destruction

[Interlude]
"Cops put a hurtin' on yo' ass, man
You know, they really degrade you
White folks don't believe that shit
They don't believe that cops degrade you
[Imitating white person] Oh come on, those people, those people are resisting arrest."

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Check it out, y'all, in the house, y'all
So I can show and flow and let the people know
So won't you ease on down to the yellow brick road
To Compton, but first let me tell you somethin'
I possess the 10 commandments of the hip-hop thugsta
Known as the thief and murderer
First one – honor thy nigga with an attitude
Gotta get respect or break your mothafuckin' neck
Second one – always gotta fuck out of wedlock
I like it when the pussy goes snap, crackle and pop
Number three – I'm a gangsta fanatic
I smoke any fools tryna 'cause some static
Number four – here's what's in store
A crazy-ass nigga that remains hardcore
Fifth one – my kill has just begun
I pull out my gun, that'll keep me on the run
Step six – hmmm, it's kinda tricky
Can't forget that I'm mothafuckin' chicken-shit
To the ones who tries to play the E
By the time you get to seven, you'll be six feet deep
Number eight – make no mistake
Move real sneaky and you're bound to catch your prey
Ninth one – I gotta be raw
Fuck any brainwashin' man-made law!
Last but not least, I must be real
Number ten – is my appetite to ki–[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Prisoner like a hostage
Yo, you should've covered your muthafucking head like an ostrich
Deep in the dirt cause you's a sucker
Bend ya ass up high so I can kick the muthafucker
Don't try to hang, you best avoid
Cause my foot will be so far up you ass, you'll get hemorrhoids
Because if you try to fuck wit Ren
I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting a size 10

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
First come, first serve, whoever's got the nerve
Step up and get what you deserve
From the word of a muthafucking hip-hop maniac
Brainiac, so what you oughta do is step the fuck back
Now how the fuck you think that rap would last
Wit your ass saying shit that is said in the past
Yo, be original, your shit is sloppy
Get off the dick you muthafucking carbon copy

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Falling deep in the drums of so many of styles
Is one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles
Cheating and not beating, the crowd I kept seating
But weak muthafuckas biting off and they kept eating
Styles that kept them full of bull
Cause the vocals were local in nightclubs and not getting paid in full
They got the nerve to cuss
Only reason niggas pick up your record is cause they thought it was us

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Yo, giving what I gotta give, doing what I gotta do
You don't care for me, so who gives a fuck about you
You can't harm me, alarm me
Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army
The niggas wit attitudes if you didn't know
We blow, flow and getting loose slow from the get go, yo
Titles are takin'
Yo, fuck this shit, Yella, kick the break in

[Hook]
It's the real thing
You are now
Real, real niggas, niggas

[Verse 5: MC Ren]
You can run but you can't hide, you know I'm a find ya
Cause a nigga like Ren's only two steps behind ya
Don't look back, cause you're shaking and all scared
A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare
So sleep wit the lights on, forget that the mic's on
Don't step on my muthafucking stage without Nike's on
Don't say it's psycho and then you just might go
Mentally fucked up when I get the right flow

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre]
All these niggas with the jibber jabber
But couldn't kill a fly wit a muthafucking sledge hammer
Gangstas in black are out there
But only because, yo, it's the shit we wear
On my muthafucking dick
But I'm a love it when you drop like a muthafucking brick
So, yo, step off, go to bed, cause if you're mislead
You get a muthafucking bullet in your forehead

[Verse 7: Eazy-E + MC Ren]
Back, the good, the bad, the ugly, you see
A little streetwise nigga, you know me
Rolling wit some real niggas playing for keeps
But you muthafuckas know who run the streets
With that hardcore hip-hop rap shit
Now how much harder can another nigga get?
Trying to be like us, sound like us, dress like us
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust
So nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, please
Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees
Cause I'm a muthafucka that's out to kill
Eazy-E, a nigga that's real

[Interlude: DJ Yella]
Real niggas, straight off the streets of Compton
Quick to get in your shit without second thought
And if your ass get smoked, it's my bullet you caught
So if you're talking shit about the niggas in black
Bow down to the Kings in Raider hats

[Verse 8: MC Ren]
They played out, that's what niggas were chanting
One nigga left and they said we ain't happening
People had thought we was finished and then done wit
But if you think about it, yo, we really ain't done shit
Yet, so cover your ears and wipe your tears
And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas
And when the new record come, I'll come like a fucking bomb
Asking for fucking money, don't buy you a fucking crumb
You're on the dicks of four niggas not one
And when it comes to dicks, you don't even have one
So brace yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up
Because if I let you slide, it's just cause you lucked up
Don't come in my face again, because I'm a floor ya
And if you're a bitch, I'm a fucking ignore ya
Because my attitude's a little bigga
Cause MC Ren is one of the real niggas

[Verse 9: Dr. Dre]
Lost in a muthafucking world of madness
Sadness, but Dre is just a nigga that glad its
Sucking muthafuckas like you, making wack jams
Because it only shows you how dope I am
Never try to ignore us
When I'm expressing, stand still like you're full of rigor mortis
Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
You can break me, take me, but watch me pull the trigger
Dre is just a nigga with heart, a nigga that's smart
A nigga that's paid to say what others are scared to play
We started out wit too much cargo
So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arnold
Yo, N.W.A - criticized for what we say
But I'm a do this shit anyway
Cause I'm the muthafucking doctor, never faking
Yo, Yella, kick the muthafucking break in

[Hook]
It's the real thing
You are now
Real, real niggas, niggas
Yeah, motherfucker, it's the real thing
You are now
Real, real niggas, niggas

[Outro: MC Ren]
N.W.A, straight outta muthafucking Compton
Taking over shit in all of the 1990's
Yo, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, Eazy-E
And I am MC Ren, yo, N.W.A taking over this muthafucka y'all[Instrumental Beats Only]* Originally Part of N.W.A's concert at Arsenal Hall, California 1989

[Intro: MC Ren]
Aiyyo, this is what we want you to do right now
We want y'all to listen up, as we're goin' on somethin' of our Greatest Hits
From Straight Outta Compton, 100 Miles and Running
And our new shit, the greatest shit, Niggas 4 Life..
Just check this shit out..

(*Plane on final approach over Los Angles Airport*)

(*Plane Landing sound and the L.A. Police Sirens Samples started*)

(*Sample of Press Printing Machines*)

GIVE ME MY PASSPORT!!
GIVE ME BACK MY PASSPORT!!

[Eazy-E]
Awww shit, man
Black bitches, black gangsters are at it again

[Dr. Dre]
You are now about to witness, the strength of street knowledge..

[Laylaw as a Narrator]
Straight off the streets of Compton, dedicated and by most suckers hated
Would you put your hands together for.. Eazy-E and N.W.A.? (*Echoes*)

(*Explosion*)

[DJ Yella]
N.W.A's Straight Outta Compton Video banned by M.T.V
N.W.A's music banned by most black Radio Stations
N.W.A. is criticized and for what? - Tellin' it like it is..

[Dr. Dre]
Yo, we ain't sellin' out
Fuck crossing over to them, let them cross over to us

[Ice Cube]
Fuck them!!
Long as motherfuckers still buyin' it, the Media ain't shit (*Echoes*)

[Eazy-E]
Fuck everybody, let's do it
YO DRE, KICK IN THE BASS!!

[DJ Yella adapted quotes below over the Dr. Dre's beats]
Niggas With Attitudes --] Dr. Dre
Niggas With Attitudes --] Dr. Dre
Niggas With Attitudes --] Dr. Dre
Niggas With Attitudes --] Dr. Dre

DJ Yella --] Dr. Dre
DJ Yella --] Dr. Dre
DJ Yella --] Dr. Dre
EVERYBODY FREEZE --] Dr. Dre
DJ Yella --] Dr. Dre

Make some noise
Make some noise
SOMEBODY SCREAM!!
AWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW

MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --] MC Ren
Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --] Dr. Dre
MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --] MC Ren
Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --] Dr. Dre
MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --] MC Ren
Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --] Dr. Dre
MC Ren, the Ruthless Villain --] MC Ren
Dre, the motherfuckin' Doctor --] Dr. Dre

[Dr. Dre]
Everybody, put your motherfuckin' hands in the air
Everybody, put your motherfuckin' hands in the air
Put your hands in the air
Come on, get with it..[Intro: Woman #1 and Ice Cube]
Ice Cube, do you think you could give me some money to get my hair done?
What's wrong with your hair right now?
Well you know I get it done every week, and I need my nails done too
Look, I'mma tell you like this

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt
See I'm from the street, so I know what's up
On these silly games that's played by the women
I'm only happy when I'm goin up in em
But you know, I'm a menace to society
But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me
So I step to em, with aggression
Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today
See they think we narrow minded
Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded
So I walk over and say "How ya doin'?"
See I'm only down for screwin', but you know
Ya gotta play it off cool
Cause if they catch you slipping, you'll get schooled
And they'll get you for your money, son
Next thing you know you're getting their hair and they nails done
Fool, and they'll let you show em off
But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough
Or a headache, it's all give
And no take
Run out of money, and watch your heart break
They'll drop you like a bad habit
Cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it
Messing with me though, they gets none
You can't juice Ice Cube girl, cause I ain't the one

[Interlude #1: Woman #2 and Woman #1]
Girrrrrl, you got to get these brothers for all the money you can honey. Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't do nothin for me but get out of my face.
I know what you mean, girl; it ain't nothin right jumpin off unless he got dollars!

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
Sometimes I used to wonder
How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number
He's getting juiced for his ducats
I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket
And won't think nutting of it
She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it
I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say
I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A
Cause I'm gamin on a female that's gamin on me
You know I spell girl with a B
A brother like me is only out for one thing
I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no
Flowers to your doorstep, when we goin out
Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt
And after the date, I'mma want to do the wild thing
You want lobster, huh? I'm thinking Burger King
And when I take you, you get frustrated
You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it
But you see, I don't go nuts
Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts
It start comin out the pocket, to knock it
But when the damage is done
You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl
For the simple fact that, I ain't the one

[Interlude #2: Woman #2 and Woman #1]
I don't care how they look; if they got money, we can hook up but they ain't gettin none.
Yeah I just make em think they gonna get some, play with they mind a lil bit, and get that money. Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?

[Verse 3]
Give you money? Why bother?
Cause you know I'm looking nothing like your father
Girl, I can't be played or ganked
Ganked means getting took for your bank
Or your gold or your money or something
Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing
They get mad when I put it in perspective
But let's see if my knowledge is effective
To the brothas man they robbing you blind
Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind
Keep your money to yourself homie
And if you got enough game
You'll get her name and her number
Without going under
You can't leave em and love and stay above em
I used to get no play now she stay behind me
Cause I said I had a Benz 190
But I lied and played the one
Just to get some now she feels dumb
To my homies it's funny
But that's what you get trying to play me for my money
Now don't you feel used?
But I don't give a hoot, huh, because I knock boots
You shouldn't be, so damn material
And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal
Now how many times do I have to say it?
Cause if I have to go get a gun
You girls will learn I don't burn
You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one

[Outro: Woman #1 and Ice Cube]
But you said you love me!
I don't see no rings on this finger
Why you doin me like this? I love you!
Yeah, you love my money; I got what I wanted -- beat it![Interlude]
[Female]
Hi!
[ovation] [static]
[Female]
... and it gets excited!
[static]
[Female]
... balance and illustration

[Male New Archor 1]
And that's tomorrow's forecast. Back to you Jim

[Male New Archor 2]
Thanks, Dick! Now have a man, Hale Anderson LIVE at the arena for tonight's N.W.A
Concert. What's goin' on down there, Hale?

[Crowd]
No more NWA!

[Reporter]
Well, Jim the riders has getting pretty round a here
I think we will has some fights here, and here the authorities coming on their way because they appears to me...
Some people in black has standin' on the roof...
[automatic gunshots]
I hear gunshots!!

[girl shouting]
(oh my god oh my god oh my god)
There Please, stop! Stop!
There they go! Oh, wait, wait! (oh police get the police)
Take the fuckin' camera on! 'Ey, Hart, stop!
STOP THE FUCKIN' CAMERA!
I MEAN, HELP!
SHUT THAT, SHUT THAT SHIT OFF!
FUCK! CHARLES, TURN THE FUCKIN' CAMERA OFF, YOU MOTHAFUCKA... [beep]

[Outro: Dr. Dre]
Hahahahahahaha!Yo give me somethin' to dance to

Calling the police, Calling the g-men
Calling all americans to war on the underworld

[Verse 1: Arabian Prince, Dr. Dre and Eazy-E]
Arabian Prince, back wit' a style that's hype
Not slow and low, it's the fast type
Getting dumb, can you hear the drums?
Yo Dre why don't you pump it up some
I pumped it up so now what's up
Yo Yella boy, add a little cut
What the hell, you think we need some bells
Yeah, homeboy, might as well
There it is, so now what's next
A little ssssssssss - So find me a --
Ho-ld it, wait a minute
You need somethin' else in it
This is what I want you to do
Feel the groove, bust a move
Yo, yo, I'm tired, what about you?
Man this is somethin' to dance to

Man that's wack, everybody used that
Yo, why dont you bring back the other track
Yeah there you go that's what I'm sayin
I like it when that dope stuffs playin
Real loud, in ya ear hole
Man let's go, I think my feet are swoll' from dancin' so damn much
Maaaaaan, I don't give a what
You wanna leave? With all these females pullin on my sleeve
I bet, you can jet, homeboy, no sweat
This is what I want you to do
Feel the groove, bust a move
(here I come to save the day)
This is somethin' to dance to

Let the bass kick
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to[Intro]
Eazy-E: Yo Ren
MC Ren:  What up?
Eazy-E: Take one
MC Ren: Yo
Eazy-E: Hit it

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Ruthless, plenty of that and much more
So at the party, Ren is controllin the floor
That you step and do your dance routine
It ain't a dream my man, you're in a gangsta scene
With a villain doin damage on a 24 track
With no confusion to finish my conclusion
Rythymatic rhymes from a radio cat
You can't take what I got coz I'll be takin it right back
Ruthless gangsta - Cold killin
You wanna know what it's means? - Definition villain
With the stupid dope rhyme
So once you hear one line you can tell it's mine
With a baseball cap that's black that I'm wearin
And a look that keeps you all starin
And wondering why I'm invincible
But when you hear my rhyme, it's convincible
I don't take no shorts while I'm constructing the ground
That makes y'all move around to my hell of a sound
Girls drool on me like a diamond
(Yo Ren, tell them what they do when you start rhymin)
I go to the party, I hip, I hop the spot
I dunno what it is, but the girls get hot
Perspirin' like they're on fire and
Their so-called boyfriends with'em are retirin
And for this reason I'm a walkin threat
So when I'm on stage I want quiet on tha set

"Light, camera, action" (N.W.A. take two)

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Now to get started with my musical profession
A gangsta or villain in mine is in session
The way that I'm referrin' to this makes ya move ya butt
But don't stand in a daze, yeah you should know what's up
Anyway I keep em clappin' along
Coz' nothing bad could go wrong because this song is so strong
I'm like Toyota, who could ask for anything more
When N.W.A. is cold rockin' the floor
Like stupid, actin like a retard
Waitin' for a bumrush, gettin' to the good part
It tempts me so with temptation
Writin' my lyrics with this hyped information
This is a section of my creation
So don't say shhh! with an exclamation
Just look at the center of the stage where the spotlight shines
(Boy you should have known by now) It's mine!
Unpredictable, keepin you extremely enjoyed
It's irresistable, meaning that you can't avoid
And while I'm on stage, look forward to sweat
But after I rip it up I want quiet on tha' set

"Light, camera, action" (N.W.A. take three)

[Verse 3: MC Ren + Eazy-E]
I can be loud as hell, think I will? Never
Quiet on tha' set - Yeah I like that better
Cause what I can do I think I earn respect
And if I didn't from you, that's what I expect
Cause if it ain't ruff it ain't me
So who really cares how you want me to be
See, I'm just mean staying at the top of the pile
And doin' soft note tunes it ain't my style
And this concludes our program
Of how N.W.A. makes a ruthless jam
Now first we take an average drum
Give it to Dre, and the boy gets dumb
It's no secret, that I sit alone at night
Pick up a pad and pen and begin to write
All kinda lyrics that's promised to play
To make everybody say

[Sample]
"They can be cold and ruthless no question about that
But sometimes it's more complicated"

(Yo Dre)
(You know what I want you to do?)
(Bring that beat back, bring that beat back)

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
Now MC Ren is here working like super glue
No matter what I do, I'm gonna stick it to you
Cause I'm the pusher, supplying the fix
And this jam's so dope, it don't need a remix
But I'm making obstacles of enemy traps
To catch any MC's with the weakest raps
Crucifyin in vain like just for usin my name
The definition is pain, but that's the thing o' the game
If they try to retreat, I catch'em one at a time
Coz they're comittin a crime, and still promotin a rhyme
So, you in the back of me just listen and learn
Because you'll all get a chance or maybe a turn
Now my assignment was to give a preview
So at my next concert I wanna see you there
Not sittin in a chair standin on both feet, with yo hand in the air
Now I'm about to jet out but I'll be back
But next time expect a more funkier track
Deep down for your enjoyment to hear more percussion
With lyrics that's smooth to start some discussion
The prove that I'm hype and you know that's bet
Now continue to dance coz I'm thru with tha set[Intro: Dr. Dre]
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Straight outta Compton, it's a crazy brotha named Ice Cube
From the stupid-dope gang wit a attitude
When I'm called off, I gotta sawed-off
Kick knowledge and bodies are hauled off
You too boy if you get with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off yo back, that's how I'm going out
For the sucka dumb brothas that's showing out
Some start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Going off on everybody like that
With bass that's droppin' in your face
So give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep you dancing
With a crime record like Charles Manson
Yo Dre, what's the sound of my tool?
Now you know that I'm about to act a fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking suckas out the box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until the whole damn world see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't step to me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck down
Cause Ice Cube will damn sure buck 'em down
As I leave, believe I'm stomping
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton

[Eazy E]
Yo Ren

[MC Ren]
Whassup

[Eazy E]
Tell em where you from

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Straight outta Compton, a brotha with his finger on the trigger
More punks I take out, my rep gets bigger
I'm a ruthless villain and you know this
But the suckas in the public won't show this
But I don't really care, I'mma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking the craps
It's like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when illegally armed it's called packing
Knock a fool out in a sec
I find somebody talkin' trash and put em in check
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'mma call you a sucka if you don't go with the flow
You'll probably get mad like a punk is supposed to
But that shows me, yo, you're composed to
A crazy young brotha from the street
Attitude legit cause I'm ready to hit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any fool in my way that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, cause people know me as a villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killing
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, you know you're through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a brotha like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy is his name and the boy is coming

[Verse 3: Eazy E]
Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous young brotha raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See I don't really care, that's the problem
When I see a police, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see the punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing suckas driving
But don't know where the hell they going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless
Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Feel a little gust of wind and now I'm jetting
And leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the girl who got shot [garbled]
You think I give a damn about a girl, I ain't a sucker
This is the autobiography of the E
And if you ever mess with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the mother, yeah!
Straight outta Compton

[Dre]
That's the way it goes in the city of Compton, boyPolice:Ok niggas you got one call

Easy-E:ain't that a bitch you fat mother f**ker let me call my home boy and get
Us out 7,3,9,6,6 god damn i hope this nigga at home.Hello EZE:hey whats up
Man?Whats up homie? EZE:aww man this mother f**kers got us down here in this
God damn jail man.Man: No Shit.EZE:Hell yeah man we was like rollin and shit we
Was lookin for some bitches so we pulled up on like 4 fine hoes and you know i
Know i didn't know the mother f**kin bitches was prostotutes man and they was
Police ain't that a bitch.Man: Hey man where was you'll at?EZE:Man we was on
Hollywood, in da Hollywood man lookin at some bitches, bitches was bad then a
Mother f**ker man, man dont tell my woman man cause i dont want her to know
What the f**ks goin on you know and f**k up for me man cause you know you know
All the pussy i get anyway.Man:Yeah word man.Man:Who was you wit man?EZE:Man i
Was wit Yellow,Ren,Dre you know man.Man:man all them nigga wit you.EZE:Yeah you
Know.Man:man ain't that a bitch.EZE:Niggas trin to get they thing wet you know
What i'm sayin.Man:Yeah.EZE:Man f**k it I'll just let you talk to Ren he can
Tell you a little bit better then i can shit hold on.....[Ice Cube]
I'm comin' straight outta Compton
When something happens in south of central Los Angeles
Nothing happens, it's just another n**** dead

Verse One: Ice Cube
Straight outta Compton, crazy motherf***er named Ice Cube
From the gang called n****z With Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if ya f*** with me
The police are gonna hafta come and get me
Off yo a**, that's how I'm goin out
For the punk motherf***ers that's showin out
N****z start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Goin off on a motherf***er like that
With a gat that's pointed at yo a**
So give it up smooth
Ain't no tellin when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep yo dancin
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherf***in fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knockin n****z out tha box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherf***ers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy you can't f*** with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
Coz Ice Cube is crazy as f***
As I leave, believe I'm stompin
But when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton

Chorus:
[City of Compton, City of Compton]
[Eazy E] Yo Ren
[MC Ren] Whassup?
[Eazy E] Tell em where you from!

Verse Two: MC Ren
Straight outta Compton, another crazy a** n****
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherf***er and you know this
But the p**** a** n****z won't show this
But I don't give a f***, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jackin the crops
Just like burglary, the definition is 'jackin'
And when illegally armed it's called 'packin'
Shoot a motherf***er in a minute
I find a good piece o' p****, And go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'm a call you a b**** or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a b**** is supposed to
But that shows me, slut, you're composed to
A crazy muthaf***er from tha street
Attitude legit cause I'm tearin up s***
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb muthaf***er that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, coz I'm the motherf***in villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin
That's takin place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your a** is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a n**** like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton...

Chorus:
[City of Compton, City of Compton]
[Dr. Dre] Eazy is his name and the boy is comin...

Verse Three: Eazy-E
...straight outta Compton
Is a brotha that'll smother yo' mother
And make ya sister think I love her
Dangerous motherf***er raises hell
And if I ever get caught I make bail
See, I don't give a f***, that's the problem
I see a motherf***in cop I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showin a n**** drivin
But don't know where the f*** he's going, just rollin
Lookin for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin
But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin
So what about the b**** who got shot? f*** her!
You think I give a damn about a b****? I ain't a sucka!
This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever f*** with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brotha who will smother
Word to the motherf***er, straight outta Compton

Chorus:
[City of Compton, City of Compton]
[And that kind of s*** you can't sweep up under no rug you know][Intro: Eazy-E]
Yo Dre man, I take this bitch out to the movies and shit
Man we're kissin' and grindin' and shit
So we hop in the back seat
You know man, this bitch rubbin' all over my dick
And frontin' like she's gonna give me the pussy, man
And the bitch said 3 words, man: "Stop", "No", and "Don't"
I said biiiiiitch

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
You don't have to front on me dear
So why don't you just give that pussy here?
If you'd be good to me
Ohh I'll be good to you
And we'll both ride home in my automobile

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
All that I want is a little puss'
All that I want is just a little head
If you'd be good to me
Ohh I'll be good to you
And we'll both ride home in my automobile

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
You don't have to front on me bitch
Don't be afraid - it's only a dick
Give up the pussy soon
All I want is a little womb
Or get your groupie ass out my hotel room
Or get your groupie ass out my hotel room

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
All I want is the pussy
All I want is the pussy
All I want is the pussy
All I want is the pussy
If you'd be good to me
Ohh I'll be good to you
And we'll both ride home in my automobile
We'll both ride home in my automobileYo Dre!!

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
"Dopeman, please can I have another hit?"
The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneeled down, and suck my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin' but a smoker
That's the way goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother gettin' over by slangin' 'caine
Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven
Bitches clockin' on his dick twenty-four/seven
Plus he's makin' money, keep the baseheads waitin'
Rollin' six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons
Livin' in Compton, Cailfornia C-A
His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid
Nigga beggin' for credit, he's knockin' out teeth
Clockin' much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money nuttin' less than a twenty
Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty
To be a dopeman boy you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a ki' to a G it's all about money
Ten piece for a champ, bass pipe comes free
If people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see somebody gettin' money for crack
He's the

[Chorus: N.W.A]
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this, bitch!)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Wait a minute, wait a minute
Who the fuck are you talkin' to?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Man I can't believe this shit
This bitch is tryin' to gank me
Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head
With nine inches of limp dick

[Ice Cube]
You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She like his car, and he get wit her
Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slappin' you all the time
But that's okay, cause he's so rich
And you ain't nuttin' but a dopeman's bitch
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Poppin' that trash might get you fucked up
Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you
He don't give a fuck he got two just like you
There's another girl in the dopeman's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
She's called "Strawberry" and everybody know
Strawberry, Strawberry is the neighborhood ho
Do anything for a hit or two
Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick
Strawberry, just look and you'll see her
But don't fuck around she'll give you gonnorhea
If people out there are not hip to the fact
Strawberry is a girl sellin' pussy for crack
To the

[Chorus: N.W.A]
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face)
Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!"

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doin' that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees, searchin' for a piece of rock
Jonesin' for a hit, and you're lookin' for mo'
Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo'
You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth
To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work
Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook
But swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long
Cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone
You robbin' and stealin', buggin' and illin'
While the dopeman's dealin', what is healin' yo' pain
Cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train
(Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither
Ho go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messin' up people's health
Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself?

[Eazy-E]
Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, I wear courderoy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smokin' that rock and my pockets gettin' bigger
(Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!)
Yeah high rollin', big money I'm foldin'
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin'
Sprung strawberry jockin' me so early
Ho you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty
Now that's my life, that's how it's cut
"Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up!
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real
From the

[Chorus: N.W.A]
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can)
Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN!

[Outro: Krazy D]
Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick
But if she happens to die, because of your drug
I'm puttin' in your culo, a .38 slugYo, What's happening, what's happening
Diz iz Dr. Dre from the worlds most dangerous group
Hold up man let me talk to Yella
Yella come hear man
Yeah man eh eh Mark
Man you should get out of thiz motherf**ker
I'm gonna work on that right now!
F**k that today motherf**ker
Bla bla
Aight I'm out of this G[Introduction: Eazy-E & unknown Dopefiend]
[knocking on the door]
Yo man what you need?
Yo, uh, man I need something man, I need a twenty, man
Whatchu got, man?
Ey, I got this rope chain, man
Man, this shit look like a gold on the roll shit (What the fuck is that?)
(It's a fuckin dud!)
It's real man
This shit ain't real
(That nigga sellin' that shit again, man?!)
Get the fuck outta here and come back with some money
C'mon man, be cool man
Y'all Mexicans always comin' with this shit

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
"Dopeman, please can I have another hit?"
The dope man said, "Clucka, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneel down and sucked my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothing but a smoker
That's the way it goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother getting over by slanging 'caine
Gold around his neck in 14 k heaven
Bitches jocking on his dick 24-7
Plus he's making money keeping the base heads waiting
Rollin' six four with the fresh ass daytons
Living in Compton, California CA
His uzi up yo ass if he don't get paid
Nigga begging for credit, he's knocking out teeth
Clocking much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money, nothing less than a twenty
Yo, you want a five-oh? The dope man's got plenty
To be a dope man, boy, you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a key to a g it's all about money
10 piece for 10 base, pipe comes free
And people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see someboy getting money for crack, he's the

[Hook]
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey man give me a hit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Yo man fuck that shit
Dopeman, dopeman!
We just can't quit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Well, suck this bitch!

[Interlude: Dr. Dre]
Wait a minute -- who the fuck are you talking to?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Man, I can't believe this shit -- this bitch is trying to gank me
I'll slap you up side your head with nine inches of limp dick!

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She likes his car and he gets with her
Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slapping you all the time
But that's okay, cause he's so rich
And you ain't nothing but a dopeman's bitch!
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Popping that trash might get you fucked up
You'll sit and cry if the dope man strikes you
He don't give a fuck - he got two just like you
There's a another girl in the dopeman's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
Sh'es called the strawberry and everybody know
Strawberry, strawberry is the neighborhood ho
Do anything for a hit or two
Give tha bitch a rock, she'll fuck the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick
Strawberry just look and you'll see her
But don't fuck around or she'll give you gonorrhea
And people out there are not hip to the fact
That Strawberry is a girl selling pussy for crack to the

[Hook 2]
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey man give me a hit
Dopeman, dopeman!
Hey yo man fuck that shit
Dopeman, dopeman!
In yo face
Yo Dre, kick in tha bass

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
If you smoke 'caine, you're a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doing that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees searching for a piece of rock
Jonesing for a hit and you're looking for more
Done stole a Alpine of out Eazy's 6-4
You need your ass whooped cause it's out of this earth
Can't get a 10 piece need a dolla fifty's worth
Knucklehead nigga, yeah, you turned into a crook
But swear up and down, boy, that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up and you whooped his ass long
Cause he hit the pipe till the rock was all gone
You're robbing and stealing, bugging and illing
While the dope man's dealing
What is killing your pain, cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo, E, she's a berry, let's run a train

[Eazy-E]
Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch

[Ice Cube]
Me neither; Ho, go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messing up people's health
Yo, what the fuck yo gotta say for yourself?

[Eazy-E]
Well, I'm the dopeman - yeah, boy, wear corduroy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smoking that rock and my pocket's getting bigger

[Dr. Dre]
Yo, got that five-0 - double up, nigga

[Eazy-E]
Yeah, high rolling, big money I'm folding
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holding
Strung strawberry jocking me so early
Ho, you want a hit you gotta get your knees dirty
Well, that's my life that how it's cut

[Girls]
Hey, dopeman!

[Eazy-E]
Bitch, shut the fuck up
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the

[Hook 3]
Dopeman, dopeman!
Yeah, that's me
Dopeman, dopeman!
Yo, can I get a "g"?
Dopeman, dopeman!
Clock as much as he can
Fuck this shit, who am I?
THE DOPEMAN!

[Krazy D]
Yo, mister dopeman, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister and now she's sick
But if she happens to die because of your drug
I'm putting in your culo a .38 slug![Intro: MC Ren + Dr. Dre]
The world's most dangerous group
Once again beating on your motherfucking eardrums
Doing much damage for all you slutty ass ho's

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Yo, there was a bitch I knew on the avenue
She was good to G-O for a nut or two yo
I think her name was Clara
And she was guaranteed to give a motherfucka whatever he needs
To be perfectly honest, she was a hooker
So I took her a hundred yards, to the boulevard
I told her "I'll take care of you, you take care of me
You've got a P-I-M-P and all I want is the money"
She went to work and the niggas were fiendin'
Yo, she had the biggest ass that you ever seen
In fact she was like Medusa, with titties full grown
One look and your dick turns to stone, yeah
Keepin' in mind that she was the kind that would find the time to get mine
Because she knows I'm not to be fucked with
She ain't crazy
Fuckin' with Dre, she'll be pushin' up daisies
She was the perfect ho, but wouldn't you know
The bitch tried to gank me, so
I had to kill her
Yeah, straight hittin'
Now listen up and lemme tell you how I did it
Yo, I tied her to the bed, I was thinking the worst
But yo, I had to let my niggas fuck her first yeah
Loaded up the forty-fo', yo
Then I straight smoked the ho
Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
I was soft and she thank me
Coughed to the boss and got tossed
One less bitch you gotta worry about
She's outta here and that's how it turns out

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Now Vicky Vicky Vicky, she's very tricky
She put her hickey on top of my dick, sick bitch, see?
She told me she loved me and she wanted to keep me
If only she can have the dick weekly
I said I'm with it but baby you gotta hold up
If I was happy with somethin' that I could fold up
We can do this - she said her husband was rich
Then I knew I had the bitch
Yo she wrote a check, many a check
In the name of a bitch who was strugglin' at the same game
All I wanted to do was get P-A-I-D
Just a little somethin' for fuckin' me
Yo Everything was cool but Vicky concerned me
Her husband was the District Attorney
So, before he found out he was crossed up
By his bitch I was fuckin' I had her tossed up
And put to sleep, so a nigga never forgets
A dead bitch can't tell a nigga shit
One less bitch you gotta worry about
She's outta here and that's how it turned out

[Hook: MC Ren]
One less
One less
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Thinkin' about money, and lookin' at a prostitute
The bitch was cute, so now I had to execute
And shoot game like a real nigga
With a steel trigga
Convince her to move up to somethin' bigga
I think I had a flashback though
Cause I said "fuck it"
Loped and choked and smoked to the ho' like this:
"Bitch, it's all about Dre
The money, money, money and this all I gotta say"
Of course she came with me and remained with me
'Till the bitch felt lamed and ashamed to be
Workin' that trick shit
Cause niggas knew that she was short one
A little later though she caught one
In the chest and I knew that it was commin'
By who and how the all act would be done?
So what? One less bitch I gotta worry about
But that ain't how it turned out..

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
Yo, there was a bitch named her out and shot her
Straight to the muthafuckin' trigger and said "I got her!"
But I had better plans to give her the blues
Like dumpin' her in the river with cement shoes
I knew my money was comin' up short
And the thought that the stupid bitch thought she'd never get caught
Came home early and straight bust her ass
On the couch with her other nigga countin' my cash
I should've known she was like them other hoes
I told the two motherfuckaz to take off their clothes
Butt naked, nothin' left but the shoes
I had up a nine so they couldn't refuse
I shot the nigga, he was outta there
And tied up the bitch to the motherfuckin' chair
Now there's one less bitch I gotta worry about
Everybody out, that's how it turns out

[Hook: MC Ren]
One less
One less
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

[Outro: Eazy-E]
In reality, a fool is one who believes that all women are ladies
A nigga is one who believes that all ladies are bitches
And all bitches are created equal
To me, all bitches are the same
Money-hungry, scandalous groupie hoes
That's always ridin' on a nigga's dick, always in a nigga's pocket
And when the nigga runs out of money the bitch is gone in the wind
To me, ALL BITCHES AIN'T SHIT!

[Hook: MC Ren]
One less
One less
One less bitch you gotta worry about![Verse 1: MC Ren]
A 100 miles and runnin' - MC Ren, I hold the gun and
You want me to deal with the situation and it's done in
Since I'm stereotyped I'm going to take a stand
And if you try to stop me, I don't give a damn
Chances are usually not good
'Cause I'm frisked with my hands on a hot hood
And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who
When in a black and white the capacity is two
We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers
Not wearing medallions, 'cause we ain't going out like suckers
They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past
And thats the reason why Ren is running fast
I didn't stutter when I said "Forget Tha Police"
'Cause it's hard for a brother to get peace
Now it's broken and can't be fixed
'Cause police and a kid from the ghetto don't mix so
Now I'm creepin' through the fall
Runnin' like a team, we'll see, I might have slayed y'all
So for now pack the gun and
Hold it in the air 'cause MC Ren has a 100 miles of runnin'

[Interlude]
Into this news. Four fugitives are on the run
FBI sources tell us that the four are headed
100 miles to their homebase, Compton

[Break: Dr. Dre + Eazy-E]
Shut up and lend me an ear
So I can tell you why

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase
With a steady pace on the face that just we raced
The road ahead goes on and on
It even seems like its gettin' longer than a marathon
Runnin' on but never runnin' out
Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out
Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do
But nobody's pickin' up a Brother Witta Attitude
Confused, yo but Dre's never had nothin' to lose
One of the few who's been accused and abused
Of the crime of poisonin' young minds
But you don't know nothin' til you been in my shoes
And Dre is back from the C-P-T
Droppin' some tracks that's D-O-P-E
So laid upon the P-O-L-I-C-E!
And anybody else that disagrees
Stuck and runnin' hard, moving fast
'Cause I been a brother known for havin' a notorious past
My mind was slick - my temper was too quick
Now the FBI's all over my stick

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Got the stick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock
That's when the E jumped off the startin' block
A 100 miles from home and, yo, it's a long stretch
A little sprintin' young brother that they won't catch
Yeah, back to Compton again
Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen
'Cause brothers been runnin' since beginning of time
Takin' a minute just to tell you what's on my mind
Runnin' like I just don't care
Compton's 50 miles but, yo, I'mma get there
Archin' my back and on a straight rough
Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the hell out
From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by
Rippin' up things just so you can remember I'm
A straight up brother that's done in, gunnin' and comin'
Straight up homeboy, a 100 miles and runnin'

[Interlude]
This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton
You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:
Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide
Good luck brothers

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
Running for my life I hate to lose
Show me on the news but I hate to be abused
I know it was a set-up - so now I'm gonna get up
Even if the FBI wants me to shut up
But I've got 10 000 brothers strong
And as long as I got "Run fast from the police" song
They treat my group like dirt
While their whole damn family is wearin' our T-shirts
So I'mma run til I can't run no more
'Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score
I got a urge to kick down doors
At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls

[Verse 5: Dr. Dre]
Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'
And it's funny 'cause all these stupid suckers are riding
We started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it
So now there's four 'cause the fifth couldn't make it
The number's even - now I'm leavin'
We're never gettin' took by a woman with a weave in
Her and the troops are right behind me
But they're so stupid, they'll never find me

[Verse 6: Eazy-E]
One more mile to go through the dark streets
Runnin' like a tired brother on my own two feet
But you know I never stumble or lag last
I'm almost home so I better run fast
Tearin' up everything in sight
It's a little crazy young brother dodging the searchlight
Now that chase, is stopped and done and
Four young brothers goin' crazy with
A 100 miles of runnin'!

Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!"Kick that shit!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

"Cold kickin ass" {*scratch*} "cold kickin ass" {*scratch*}
"Cold kickin ass" {*scratch*} "Kick that shit!"

"Pull up a chair..." {*echoes*}

[Verse One: Eazy-E]
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E, yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kickin', to show my shit
Rappin' holdin' my dick, boy, I don't quit
Crowd rockin' motherfucker from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo' mean hombre'
Rollin' through the hood, to find the boys
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my drawers, I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin' my balls
I hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!"
Hip to get drunk, got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up, had the bass cold whompin'
Cruisin' through the Eastside, south of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb
Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'

I, was.. "Cold kickin ass"
I, was.. "Raised in L.A."
I, was.. "Cruisin' down the street in my six-fo'"
"Too, much, posse!"

[Verse Two: Eazy-E]
Ridin' on Slauson lookin' for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and had a fit
'Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tilt 'cause I was drunk
See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside 'cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me 'cause the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'

"Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all!"
"And we puttin' it on wax"
"Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all! Fuck it up y'all!"
"YEAH!!!" *guitar riff*

[Verse Three: Eazy-E]
Olde English 800 'cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 5-O, too
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand, that's what I got
"Yo man you see Eazy hurling in the parkin lot?"
Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' ho
Asked her to dance and she said ("Hell no!")
Called her a bitch 'cause that's the rule
("Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!")
Boys in the hood tryin' to keep me cool
You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get 'em up
I start droppin' the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb, full of cum, got knocked out cold
"Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!
Now your fly bitch is all over his dick!"
Punk got dropped 'cause the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'

"Stomp a mudhole in your ass!"
"Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!"

[Verse Four: Eazy-E]
Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place, I got money and juice
Ron-De-Vu with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so goddamn funky
Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin'
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin'

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*}[Intro]
Ain't that kinda shit you can sweep under no rug, you know?

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage
So whenever I'm steppin' cover your head like an ostrich
Groupies been waitin' for this, suckers been hatin for this
You know why? Because so many are relatin' to this
Jealous is how they feel it intentionally
But they start to love it because I made it eventually
Pumpin' the music I keep the music like pumpin'
Cause Ren ain't in here for nothin', I keep the average crowd jumpin'
Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black
Always down to make noise, and attack
So you better get back unless you wanna come with it
And make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it
You're screamin' with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin'
You're wakin up in a sweat cause Ren is givin' bad dreams and
I'm not schemin', I'm just tellin the facts
That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack
So brothers that wanna scrap with me
That sweezin' and sneezin' will have to lap with me
Especially beggin' to write some lyrics with me
I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me
Cause when it comes to Ren there's no comparison
And if you try to be me, it's quite embarrassin'
But I understand cause you're mentally slow
Cause I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go

[Chorus]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
Lemme bust a freestyle there - (Alright bet)

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I can tell that you're afraid to fight me
Simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me
Because your sweat is a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat
I'm a threat, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck
And clean the dirt off your face that causes acne
It's ridiculous thinkin' that you can jack me
This is the round where the punch will go
Into your H-E-A-D; that's known as a blow
I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin
Like, see, I'm hatin' the fakin' I keep the suckers like shakin'
Scared to speak with a thought when they're chosen
The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen
This is a battle to the death, it's like the same ol'
Against a brother on a tip, with a Kangol
Givin' a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin
But I'm comparin' and tearin' em but I'm makin a livin'
With the hype of a nine volt battery
And the odds for me to conquer is averagely good
Meanin' I'mma flow
I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go

[Chorus]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
Man whatcha gonna do now? - *Get funky*

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect
While I'm thinkin of a fool to select
To give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim
Slammin' my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them
Tell 'em they're guilty, and peep out the bailer
And get a new track o' drums so I can play with
Percussion, pumpin' it loud when I perform
Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform
It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by
Hey, cause when it comes to cheatin', yo, you should know I
For fear in the hearts cause it's the hearts full of fear
Coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear
The Hulk was incredible yo but Ren he was super
But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper
But a soldier with a top rankin
Givin' dope material, the hell with the gankin'
So play like an airplane and just jet
And keep your blood pressure low cause I'm a threat, if not
I'm afraid of the show
That you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go

[Chorus]
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me
The gangsta's black and he's about to attack
If it ain't ruff, it ain't me (Yo Ren)
The gangsta's black
If it ain't ruff, it ain't meRight about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department;
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy-motherfucking-E

[Dr. Dre as The Judge]
Order, order, order
Ice Cube, take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth to help your black ass?

[Ice Cube as Witness]
You goddamn right!

[Dr. Dre]
Well won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

[Ice Cube]
Fuck the police coming straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad 'cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, 'cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on, and thrown in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fucking with me 'cause I'm a teenager
A little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the product
Thinking every nigga is selling narcotics
You'd rather see, me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swole off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
'Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just 'cause I'm from, the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me!
HUH, a young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in L.A
Yo Dre, I got something to say

Fuck the police [4x]

Example of scene one

[Cop] Pull your goddamn ass over right now
[NWA] Aww shit, now what the fuck you pulling me over for?
[Cop] 'Cause I feel like it! Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
[NWA] Man, fuck this shit
[Cop] Aight smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!

[Dr. Dre]
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked-up incident?

[MC Ren]
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang is with whoever I'm stepping
And the motherfucking weapon is kept in
A stash box for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga
So they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives em a hint, not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, and I'mma fuck you up!
Make you think I'mma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'mma smoke 'em now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfucking villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'mma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
Yeah, something like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police, would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say

Fuck the police [4x]

[NWA] Yeah man, what you need?
[Cop] Police, open now
[NWA] Aww shit
[Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
[Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em (Move motherfucker, move now!)
[NWA] What the fuck did I do, man what did I do?
[Cop] Just shut the fuck up and get your motherfucking ass on the floor (You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
[NWA] But I didn't do shit
[Cop] Man just shut the fuck up!

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

[Eazy-E]
I'm tired of the motherfucking jacking
Sweating my gang, while I'm chilling in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe 'cause I blast
On a stupid-ass nigga
When I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
'Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
'Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangster, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me or another nigga
And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
([MC Ren:] Size ain't shit, he's from the old school fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing this is what I'll say

Fuck the police [4x]

The verdict

[Dre] The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck, white bread, chickenshit motherfucker
[Cop] Wait, that's a lie! That's a goddamn lie!
[Dre] Get him out of here!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Get him the fuck out my face!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Out, right now!
[Cop] Fuck you, you black motherfuckers![Intro: Dr. Dre]
A message to Benedict Arnold
No matter how hard you try to be...
Here's what they think about you!

[Answering Machine Messages]

[Female caller 1]
Hello? I was at The Celebrity... and I was wonderin' how that punk Ice Cube got his ass beat by ATL!
[Beep]

[Male caller 1]
Yo! Dat nigga was sayin' he from Compton, he ain't from Compton
He from a planet called: "Punk!" It is full of pussy protein and pearl tongue
[Beep]

[Female caller 2]
All I wanna know is why y'all let his punk-ass in the group in the first place, when you knew what kinda bitch he was?
[Beep]

[Male caller 2]
Yeah, I was in the New Music Seminar in New York!
And I watched that punk muthafucka run... while the rest of his homeboys got they ass beat!
[Beep]

[Female caller 3]
Hello? I'm callin' to say since Ice Cube was suckin' so much New York dick...can he come and eat sum of this Chicago pussy?
[Beep]

[Men]
I smell... [3 sniffs] PUSSY!
[Beep]

[MC Ren]
Yeah, nigga; when we see yo' ass, we gon' cut your hair off and fuck you with' a broomstick!
[Beep]

[Outro: Dr. Dre]
Think about it, punk muthafucka![Intro - samples]
(Kick that shit)
(Cold kicking ass)
Cold kicking ass
Cold kicking ass
(Funky fresh Eazy-E)
(Pull up a chair and I'mma tear shit up)

[Verse 1]
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E, yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kicking to show my shit
Rapper holdin' my dick, boy, I don't quit
And if ain't rap, then you know it's crap
Crowd rocking sucka stomper from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo, mean I'm brave
E rolling out, to find the Boyz
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my tail, I d'ont like jail
40 ounce in my lap and and it's cold as hell
Hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, they can kiss my ass
Hip to get drunk got the eight in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up had the bass cold whomping
Cruising through the Eastside, South of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at her face, and the bitch was to the curb
But she was on my tip for the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's getting busy got the 8-ball rolling

[Hook]
I, was...cold kicking ass
I, was...raised in L.A
I, was...cruising down the street in my six-four
Too much posse

[Verse 2]
Riding on Slausson, looking for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and  had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tip cause I was drunk
See a sissy ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 Ball rolling
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Fuck it up, y'all
Yeah

[Verse 3]
Olde English 800, because that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, forty, quart or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 502
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, " Eric yo' breath smells! "
40 ounce in hand that's what I got
Yo man you see Eazy hurlin in the parkin lot
Stepped on your foot cold dissed your hoe
Asked her to dance and she said, hell no
Called her a bitch because that's the rule
Boyz-n-the hood trying to keep me cool
Tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get em up
I started dropping the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb full of cum got knocked out cold
"Make you look sick you snotty nosed prick!
Now your fly bitches all over his dick!"
Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rolling

[Verse 4]
Pass the brew Ren while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so funk funk funky
Do the Olde 8, forget the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast all you punk to the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's breaking out and got the 8-ball rolling
Man I'm outta here
Yo Eazy, you forgot to tell em what city you chill in
In the city (city of Compton)
In the city (city of Compton)
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton
City City City of Compton[Ice Cube]
What the fuck's up, Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
You tell me, you talk to Ren

[MC Ren]
I'm right here nigga
Release the hound

[Snoop Dogg]
Bow wow wow

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
I'm a nigga wit an attitude thanks to y'all
And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all
I'mma ride for my side in the C.P.T
God bless the memory of Eazy-E
If it wasn't for me where the fuck you'd be
Rapping like the Treacherous Three, fucking cowards
I'd have seen Dre rocking parties for hours
And I'd have seen Ren fucking bitches from Howard
And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's
So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
This the shit niggas kill for
They hear the villain niggas spitting with them nigga flows
Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch-ass niggas too
Got something for you broke
These niggas wearing skirts like the pope
Who them niggas that you love to get
Who them niggas that you fuckin' with
Love to yell that we the shit
The saga continues with the world's most dangerous group
Four deep in the coup

[Refrain]
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
A pencil, a pen, or a Glock
I'm the original, subliminal, subterranean
Titanium, criminal minded, swift
D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit
A couple of notes and get you hog-tied in rope
Dope like tons of coke, cut-throat
You don't want the pistols to whistle
Candy paint Impala
I make hoes pop collars

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
God damn hoes, here we go again
Fucking with Ren, playing to win
He got the Coke and Hen - I got the juice and gin
Same shit you was fucking with way back then
We keep it cracking from the acting to the jacking
G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up
We all on deck fool so put your heat up
I stay on deck so me don't get wet

[Ice Cube]
Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots
Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not

[MC Ren]
Why the fuck not

[Dr. Dre]
Why the fuck not

[Snoop Dogg]
Why the fuck not

[Ice Cube]
Cause I'm tight as the night
I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985

[Snoop Dogg]
Real niggas, biatch, you know, ha hah

[Ice Cube]
We cause tragedy, erratically
Systematically in your house without a key
How fucked up that'd be
Gat'll be near your anatomy, my form of flattery

[Dr. Dre]
Assault and battery, cause we coming with that street mentality
Straight west coast rider academy
Concrete nigga, that's my reality

[Snoop Dogg]
We tend to bust on niggas that get mad at me

[Dr. Dre]
Was it a bitch in the mix

[Snoop Dogg]
Well it had to be

[Dr. Dre]
Lying tricks told them dicks I had a key
Hoes make the world harder than it have to be

[Refrain]
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma muthafuckin nigga til I diz-ie* Originally Performed on N.W.A's concert at Anahiem, California 1988

[Opening Skit: MC Ren Speaking through 3" Glass and the 2 ways Phone]
[MC Ren] Yo, what's up nigga?
[Train]  What's up G?
[MC Ren] Yo man, I'm in this motherfuckin' kick it, tired of all this shit, man
I was lookin' for some bitches, nigga has gone to jail, you know what I'm sayin?
[Train]  Yeah man, just tell me what's up?
[MC Ren] Cause nigga I ain't.. I ain't with no bitch, no ride
You know what I'm sayin?
Niggas said come on Ren, uhh, just let's go try to get some whores
And this kind of shit, I'm like; Alight, let's go
Probably, tried to talk to these bitches
These motherfucking Police bitches, you know what I'm sayin?
[Train]  Y'all shouldn't have been fuckin' up down there, no way man
[MC Ren] I gotta get.. I told the motherfuckers not even to go around that way
Not down that street, you know what I'm sayin?
I told niggas to go down here, down here in Corson and Compton
These niggas wanna go way up in Hollywood

(*Beats started*)

[MC Ren]  When we're on the stage, we're in a motherfuckin' rage, so Dre
[Dr. Dre] What up?
[MC Ren]  Why don't you get the 12 guage?
[Dr. Dre] Aww, yeah

[MC Ren]
And show them how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna lay somethin' of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker?
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid motherfucker
Kickin, like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
Programmin, a beat that's hittin' "that's what?"
And if you listen then you'll know we're not bullshittin'
Dope, like a pound or a Key, yeah
So shut the fuck up and listen to me
I make the killin'
I got fatter shit to the ceilin, why's that?
Cause I'm the mothafuckin' Ruthless Villain
MC Ren, stompin' any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

[Dr. Dre]
Well, check this out
Now my name is Dre, uha, the mothafuckin' doctor
Yo, rippin' shit up, awww yeah, and here to rock you
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the Ruthless Posse
Cold funkin' it up "word up" is what we do
The reputation of the N.W.A. crew
Gettin' busy, because we're cold stompin'
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised in Compton
Now, all the ladies, all the ladies
All the ladies if you're good to go
Come on, say Aaooowww                  "Aaooowww"

[Break]
[Dr. Dre] Ayyio Ren, won't tell them what the fuck you are, home boy
[MC Ren]  Ruthless Villain superstar
[Dr. Dre] Yo, I don't think they heard you, won't tell them what you are

[MC Ren]
I'm a Ruthless gangster, definition Villain
Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin'
So call the police cause that's all you could do "but what?"
He'll get away without leavin' a clue  "yeah"
Keepin' shit in control like the neighboorhood chief
But, referred to as a walkin' thief
They say he's a bad influence for the kids, home boy

[Dr. Dre] Why the fuck they're blamin' him?
[MC Ren]  Cause he's the one that they jock
[Dr. Dre] Cause he's the... (*explosion*)[Intro]
What we gonna do right here is go back

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Now, this is some shit that's from the days of wayback
When niggas in Compton first started to jack
When the bitches wouldn't give you no pussy
If you wasn't sellin' drugs
So many bitches in my neighborhood got mugged
They always loved that shit, they want a nigga that's sellin' keys
But nowadays, they workin' at Mickey D's
But in the days of wayback, I couldn't be laid back
Because I needed ends and I made that
I get the nine from my nigga that he lend me and
Start robbin' muthafuckas just like Cowboys and Indians
Anythin' it took to get paid
A nigga like Ren already had the plan made
And I was in it to win it and not to lose
And shit'd start blowin' up once I lit the fuse
And police couldn't touch me because I was payin' 'em
But not with no money, yo, I was sprayin' 'em
And never get caught because nobody is snitch
But one hoe did, so Ren had to shoot the bitch!
Now she's in a coffin and my life is better off and
'Cause everybody knows who's the boss and
That black nigga that they call Ren
You fuck with me, you gotta fuck with a Mac-10!
So listen to me as I reminisce the days of wayback
So, check it out, y'all

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
It was once a time in the days of wayback
When niggas was gettin' jacked
In fact, it was when I used to pass through the
And kickin' ass through a muthafuckin' Compton Massacre
Now, let me tell you a little somethin' about Compton
When I was a kid and puttin' my bid in
Yo, Compton was like still water - just strictly calm
Now it's like muthafuckin' Vietnam
Everybody killin', tryin' to make a killin'
Niggas stealin', muthafuckas willin' to dealin'
With so many ways to come up
The average nigga didn't give a fuck
About another muthafucka in this game and
Claimin' what he claimin', livin' like he livin', killin' after killin'
Murder was a dirty job, to rob a dead man was the best plan
'Cause a dead man never ran
But now your best friend is your worst friend
Greed, kids to feed, make a me more some of what you holdin'
So, now your shit is stolen and you and your niggas start rollin'
Yo, to get your shit back ain't the word up
Muff? It's more murder, more murder, more murder
They wanna make you think that it's a crack thang or a black thang
Or some niggas in a muthafuckin' gang
But guns and money, they go together like the Ku Klux Klan
A nigga brung up and strung up
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Rememberin' the days that's past me
Yo, never givin' niggas a chance to rest
The ghetto is like a fuckin' survival test
And number one way for you to pass
Yo, get treated like a king and they'll crown your ass
They never in the wrong though so I made a song so
Muthafuckas would know
If your livin' situations make you wanna get a gat (a gat)
That's 'cause you livin' in the Dayz of Wayback...

[Outro]
Surprise, niggas!
You don't think I could do it again, did ya?
Another album!
The jokes on you, Jack!
(Yeah! Yeah! Ha ha ha ha! We did it again) We did it again![Intro]
Dr. Dre: Yo man there's alot of brothers out there flakin and perpatratin who scared to kick reality
Ice Cube: Yo Dre you've been doin all this dope producin', you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
Dr. Dre: So watch do you want me to do

[Entrence]
All you got to do now, express yourself

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I'm expressin' with my full capabilities
Now I'm livin' in correctional facilities
'Cause some don't agree with how I do this
I get straight, meditate, like a Buddhist
I'm droppin' flavor, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he said it gets funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat, and it'll make ya think
Some suckers just tickle me pink, to my stomach
'Cause they don't flow like this one
You know what, I won't hesitate to dis one or two before I'm through
So don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm droppin' English
Even if Yella, makes it a-capella
I still express, yo I don't smoke weed or sess
'Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nothin'
But makin' a sucker and you equal
Don't be another sequel

[Hook]
Express yourself
Do it good
Express yourself
Oh do it

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre + Ice Cube]
Ice Cube, is not for the pop charts
So where should a brother like you start expressin' yourself
My boy'll show you how
Yo Dre  - What up? - Drop English right about...
....Now, gettin' back to the PG
That's program, and it's easy
Dre is back - New jacks are made hollow
Expressin' ain't their subject because they like to follow the words
The style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again
Yo ya on the other end
Watch a brother playin' dope rhymes, with no help
There's no fessin' and guessin' while I'm expressin myself
It's crazy to see people be what society wants 'em to be
But not me
Ruthless, is the way to go, they know
Others say rhymes that fail to be original
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts
Forget about the ghetto, and rap for the pop charts
And those musicians, curse at home
But scared to use profanity, when up on the microphone
Yeah they want reality, but you won't hear none
They rather exaggerate a little fiction
Some say no to drugs, and take a stand
But after the show they go lookin for the dope man
Oh they ban my group from the radio
Hear N.W.A. and say ''Hell no!''
But you know it ain't all about wealth
As long as you make a note to
(express yourself)

[Hook]
Express yourself
Do it do...
Express yourself
Oh do it!

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre + MC Ren]
A lyricist, yo Dre is the name for it
To make somethin' dope on a record that's what he came for
Kickin' reality yo but staying hisself
But it's important to keep it in mind to (Express yourself)
From the heart if you wanna start to move up the chart then
Expression is big part of it
You ain't efficient when you flow, you ain't swift
Movin' like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis
There's a little bit more to show
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
Or a lesson, all of them expression
And if you start fessin', I got a Smith&Wesson for ya
I might ignore your record, because it has no bottom
I get loose in the Summer, Winter, Spring and Autumn
It's Dre on the mic gettin physical
Doin' the job, NWA is the lynch mob
Yes I'm macabre, but you know you need this
And the knowledge is growin' just like a fetus
Or a tumor, but here's the rumour, Dre's in the neighborhood and he's up to no good
When I start expressin myself, Yella slam it
'Cause if I stay funky like this, I'm doin' damage
Or I'mma be too hyped, I need a straight jacket
I got knowledge, and other suckers lack it
So when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic
Ask what it's like, it's like we gettin' hype tonight
'Cause if I strike, It ain't for your good health
But I won't strike if you just
(express yourself)

[Hook]
Express Yourself
Do it good...
Express Yourself
Oh do it